Yuri: If you're really married, then prove it to me.



Yuri: Kiss right here and now.



Loid: If that's all it takes...



Yor: What?!



Yor: A kiss? A kiss?!



Yor: Doesn't that mean... um...



Yor: Oh, yes. I've read somewhere that your first kiss tastes like lemons.



Yor: That'll go perfectly with this marinated fish.



Yor: Calm down, Yor! Get a hold of yourself!



Loid: Here I go.



Yor: O-O-O-One second, please.



Yor: There is no way I can do this sober.



Yor: Fank you for waiting...



Loid: Uh... right.



Loid: We don't have to do this if you don't want to.



Yor: This ish for my sake, as well. I will do my besht.



Yuri: What are you two whispering about?!



Yuri: Can you do it or not?!



Yuri: Prove to me that you're really a married couple!



Yor: Keep your mouf shut, Yuri.



Yor: We will now show you just how in wuv we are.



Yor: Here I come, darling.



Yor: Now, cwose your eyes.



Yuri: S-Sis!



Loid: Um... Yor?



Sign: SHOW OFF HOW IN LOVE YOU ARE



Yor: Sis...



Yuri: How lewd!



Little Yuri: Sis!



Little Yuri: Look! I scored the highest in my whole class!



Yor: Oh, how wonderful!



Yor: I'll reward you with a kiss.



Yor: Smooch!



Little Yuri: Sis...



Little Yuri: When I grow up...



Little Yuri: I'm gonna marry you.



Yor: Oh, my.



Yor: Then I guess I'll just have to wait patiently for you.



flashback Yor (Echo): ...wait patiently for you. ...wait patiently for you.



flashback Yor (Echo): ...wait patiently for you. ...wait patiently for you.



Yuri: You...



Yuri: You can't, Sis!



Yuri: Seeing you kiss another man in front of me is just...



Yuri: I won't allow—



Yor: Oh, I knew it...



Yor: I just can't!



Yuri: —itpppppbt!



Yor: No!



Anya: Izzit the end of the world?



Yor: Huh?! Um, Yuri?



Yuri: I see how it is, Sis.



Yuri: You're going to treat me like that just because I tried to stop you from kissing him.



Yuri: I guess you just couldn't wait to do naughty things with him!



Yuri: I was a fool to test you.



Yuri: Perhaps my feelings were what was truly being tested here!



Loid: Um... more importantly, you're bleeding.



Yuri: Loid Forger... You may lay claim on my sister's lips for now.



Yor: Wha—



Yor: What are you talking about?!



Yuri: Right... Well, I'll let you off the hook for today.



Yuri: But just remember—



Loid: No, really. You're bleeding.



Loid: Is this just normal for the Briars?



Yor: Are you all right, Yuri? You're about to fall over.



Yuri: I'm fine.



Loid: Did you really just say that?



Yuri: Well, so are you, Sis.



Yor: Shall I call you a taxi?



Yuri: I'm fine. You're such a worrywart, Sis.



Loid: Whoa, there!



Yuri: Wipe that smirk off your face!



Yuri: Are my failures that amusing to you?!



Loid: Er, no. I was just admiring what lovely siblings you are.



Loid: You must have always been there for each other.



Loid: Yuri, thank you for protecting Yor up until now.



Loid: I'm sure you've been through many hardships.



Loid: I'll also do everything I can to be there for her from now on,



Loid: so let's do everything we can to make sure Yor is happy.



Yuri: Like I'd ever ask for your help!



Yuri: Forget it! I'm going home!



Loid: Feel free to come over anytime!



Loid: I'm sure that'll make Yor happy.



Loid: You should come when my daughter's awake next time.



Yor: Miss Anya was doing everything she could to stay up to meet you.



Yor: She's absolutely precious, so I hope you'll play with her.



Yuri: I don't need him to invite me! I'll be back!



Yuri: Next time, I'll prove that you're tricking my sister!



Yor: I am not being tricked!



Yuri: Now, hear me, Loid Forger.



Yuri: If you make my sister cry even a little bit,



Yuri: I will have you ex—



Yuri: Um... well, you know.



Yuri: Just know that you'll rue the day!



Yor: Be careful getting home, dear!



Yuri: Sis!



Yor: Be mindful of your yelling! It'll disturb the neighbors!



Loid: Was he about to say he'd have me ex*cuted?



Loid: I should be careful.



Loid: Any wiretaps?



Loid: Looks like we're clear.



Loid: Since he's with the secret police...



Loid: Well, because he's her brother, he may just try that.



Loid: I need to be on my guard.



Yor: Loid, thank you very much.



Yor: I'm a bit embarrassed to say so,



Yor: but thank you for welcoming him into your family, despite his rudeness.



Loid: Yuri clearly loves you very much, Yor.



Loid: I don't have any family or friends I can rely on, other than my daughter,



Loid: so I admit that I was a little envious of you two.



Yor: Loid...



Loid: Though my daughter is also just part of a pretend family.



Loid: Well, anyway. I'm glad he didn't find out about our pretend marriage.



Yor: Yes.



Yor: I'm suddenly very tired, now that I'm relieved.



Yor: Why don't we head to bed after we clean up?



Loid: Er, in separate beds, of course! I'll change things back!



Yor: R-Right.



Anya: Papa... Pwease save Earth...



Yor: Now, Yuri... You'll make me mad if you hit Loid...



Loid: I can't remember the last time I felt envious of another.



Loid: I should sleep. I'm sure I'm just exhausted.



Loid: Yet my mission still continues on tomorrow.



Yuri: I beg your pardon.



Yuri: Which way is the station?



Passerby A&B: Get to the hospital first, pal!



Anya: Morning, pwease.



Anya: You seem very green today, Papa.



Loid: Quit talking in your sleep and go wash your face.



Yor: Good morning!



Yor: It's too bad you didn't get to meet Yuri yesterday.



Anya: Who's that?



Yor: Huh?! But she was so looking forward to meeting him!



Loid: Things sure did get lively yesterday.



Yor: I'm very sorry.



Loid: Who'd have thought Yor's brother would be like that?



Anya: Oh! Unkie!



Loid: And he's part of the secret police, my greatest foe as a spy.



Anya: S-Secret police?!



Anya: What's that?



Anya: "Secret" plus "police"...



Anya: That sounds so exciting!



Anya: Why didn't you introduce me to him?!



Anya: Gimme back the excitement I wasted!



Loid: You wanted to meet him that badly?



Loid: Well, at least the storm has passed for now.



Loid: I need to concentrate on Anya's education.



Loid: Come on, hurry up and eat. You'll be late.



Anya: Om... nom...



Yor: Don't worry, you'll see be able to see him soon.



Loid: Has the threat truly passed?



Loid: Yor Briar, whose younger brother is a member of the secret police...



Loid: Previously, there was nothing suspicious surrounding her.



Loid: She didn't seem to know what her brother's true occupation is,



Loid: so my intuition says she's still clear.



Loid: Besides, if she knew her brother worked at the State Security Service,



Loid: there'd be no concern over suspicions arising about her being single.



Loid: No, it's dangerous to be too certain.



Loid: What if she was just acting and this was all a lie to get closer to me?



Loid: Suspect everything, Twilight.



Anya: Papa, Mama is...



Loid: What is it?



Anya: Mama is...



Anya: bad at cooking.



Yor: So it was obvious that I made breakfast this morning!



Yor: I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!



Yor: I did do my best.



Loid: Ah, by the way, Yor...



Yor: Yes?



Loid: Er, I just...



Loid: I guess putting a listening device on her is going too far.



Loid: No, I need to silence any doubts now.



Loid: Even a moment's carelessness could mean death.



Loid: It could also mean the lives of tens of thousands of people.



Loid: I need to do this to prove Yor's innocence.



Loid: You've got something on your neck.



Yor: Huh? Thank you very much.



Yor: That startled me. I thought he was going to give me a kiss goodbye.



Anya: Wha?!



Yor: I s-still haven't forgotten about last night...



Yor: I can't kiss or even cook.



Yor: Loid managed to smooth things over last night,



Yor: but I'm probably not acting like a proper wife.



Yor: I may be imagining it, but Loid seems a bit more distant today.



Yor: Maybe he's gotten sick of me being so disappointing.



Loid: I need to be on my guard.



Loid: What's the matter, Anya?



Anya: Mama and Papa need to get along.



Loid: W-Well, we aren't fighting or anything.



Yor: Th-That's right.



Loid: And you make sure you get along with your classmates.



Anya: Yep.



Loid: We should get going, too.



Yor: Oh, right.



Loid: Children are so curiously observant at times.



First Lieutenant: Hey, Yuri.



First Lieutenant: Why are you covered in bandages?



First Lieutenant: Didn't you go celebrate your sister's wedding yesterday?



Yuri: I don't really remember what happened.



First Lieutenant: You probably got drunk and picked a fight with her husband.



First Lieutenant: You really need to quit drinking.



Yuri: Well, I can't let a guy like that be with my sister.



First Lieutenant: Was he that disagreeable?



Yuri: I think...



Yuri: he was...



Yuri: a good guy.



Yuri: But con men and spies always try to act like good people.



Yuri: That's it! Hopefully he's a spy! Then I can throw him in a cell!



First Lieutenant: Calm down. Do you have any proof of this?



Yuri: sh*t!



Yuri: I totally forgot to bug their living room and bedrooms!



Yuri: Wait, no!



Yuri: If I happened to hear Sis's voice in those situations,



Yuri: my heart wouldn't be able to bear it!



First Lieutenant: Did you give yourself those injuries?



First Lieutenant: You need to detach from your sister so you can concentrate on your work more.



First Lieutenant: Our job is to capture



First Lieutenant: spies from the West, namely, Twilight.



First Lieutenant: Because that will lead to your sister's safety.



Yuri: I know that. For now...



Yuri: Loid Forger, the day you make my sister cry...



Camilla: What's with her?



Millie: She said something like, "I'm a failure of a wife."



Sharon: Heya.



Millie: Oh, Sharon.



Sharon: Huh? How do you become a good wife?



Sharon: Are you two not getting along?



Yor: Well, it's not exactly that...



Yor: It's just... This is my first time being with a man in general,



Yor: It's just... This is my first time being with a man in general,



Yor: so I'm unsure of how to act.



Loid: I was curious when I looked into her past connections,



Loid: but I guess Yor has really never dated a man before.



Yor: I'm worried that things can't go on like this.



Yor: It doesn't help that I can't cook.



Loid: Anya's words really got to her.



Loid: It appears that Yor is trying to seem more wifely for the sake of our pretend family.



Loid: No, wait.



Loid: She could also be trying to act like the perfect wife to put one over on me.



Camilla: It must be rough when your husband is clearly so much better than you.



Millie: Why don't you two just call it quits?



Yor: Er, I'd like to avoid that.



Loid: Yor's relationship with her coworkers seems a bit, er, uh...



Section Chief: Hey, you four!



Section Chief: Hey, you four!



Section chief: Quit yapping and get to work.



Camilla: Gah! It's the section chief.



Section Chief: Say, Yor...



Section Chief: Could you go drop this off at the post office for me?



Yor: Yes, sir.



Loid: I guess I'll have to make a move if I want to clear the air for good.



Yor: Come to think of it, Loid and I have separate bank accounts.



Yor: If I contributed a bit of my earnings from my actual job,



Yor: would I be able to help Loid out?



Yor: But I can't make him suspicious of me, either.



Yor: Not to mention, I don't think this was really a financial issue...



Fake Lieutenant: You there. I'd like to ask you a few questions.



Fake lieutenant: May we have a bit of your time?



Yor: Th-The secret police!



Yor: D-Did I do something wrong, sir?



Yor: Was I being far too suspicious by looking at ads meant for families,



Yor: when I'm clearly lacking as a wife?



Yor: I-I-I'm married!



Fake Second Lieutenant: We're not hitting on you.



Franky: What the hell is this?!



Franky: You call me outta nowhere and tell me to dress like this



Franky: so we can question your wife?!



Loid: Just shut up and follow the plan. This is all for my mission.



Franky: I've got nothing to do with that!



Fake lieutenant: We are inspecting the mail.



Fake lieutenant: You just tried to mail this...



Fake lieutenant: But it clearly contains a code meant for the West.



Fake Lieutenant: Is the sender, Burns, your superior?



Yor: Y-Yes.



Fake second lieutenant: What is your name?



Yor: Yor Bri—



Yor: I-It's Yor Forger.



Fake second lieutenant: Well, well, well... Yor Forger, eh?



Fake second lieutenant: It clearly states your name right here as a collaborator!



Fake Lieutenant (Loid): He's really into this.



Fake Lieutenant: So you're in cahoots.



Yor: I-I have no idea about this. This must be some kind of mistake.



Fake Second Lieutenant: You'd be better off if you told the truth.



Fake Lieutenant: Speaking of city hall, someone from the finance department was caught the other day.



Fake lieutenant: Clearly, the corruption within has spread far and wide.



Fake second Lieutenant: I heard he met a pitiful end.



Fake second lieutenant: The intense t*rture got to him physically and mentally,



Fake second lieutenant: and he apparently offed himself in his cell.



Fake second lieutenant: And I heard last month, they caught another woman around this chick's age.



Fake second lieutenant: You know, that official's secretary.



Fake Lieutenant (Loid): What kind of characterization is he going for?



Fake lieutenant: Ah, her.



Fake lieutenant: She was freed once we found out she had family in State Security Service.



Fake second lieutenant: Man, talk about an awesome benefit.



Fake second lieutenant: Our family members can be let off the hook of most allegations.



Fake lieutenant: Enough talking. You'll be coming with us to the station.



Loid: If she's aware that Yuri works for the State Security Service,



Loid: this will all be solved as soon as she mentions Yuri's name.



Loid: There's no reason for her to be secretive to one of his coworkers,



Loid: and if she resists, she'll further make us suspicious.



Loid: Come on, Yor. If you're in on this, ask your brother for help.



Loid: And if you're not...



Yor: I...



Yor: work hard every day for the citizens of this country.



Yor: I would never participate in espionage!



Fake second lieutenant: No use playing dumb with us!



Fake second lieutenant: Just shut up and come with—



Fake second lieutenant: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!



Yor: I'm quite certain I mentioned that I was married.



Yor: Please do not touch me so casually.



Fake lieutenant: You do realize you're putting your family in danger by doing this, don't you?



Yor: My younger brother and husband are both kind



Yor: and upstanding members of society.



Yor: If you ever unjustly harm either of them,



Yor: I frankly do not care if I'm dealing with you two.



Yor: I will show no mercy!



Fake Lieutenant: Hey, Second Lieutenant Mop...



Fake lieutenant: Are you certain about this cipher?



Fake second lieutenant: What? Of course I'm—



Fake second lieutenant: What the?!



Fake second lieutenant: Looking closer, this is clearly not the raccoon cipher.



Fake second lieutenant: It's the caterpillar cipher!



Fake lieutenant: If we decode this message...



Fake lieutenant: This is a letter Burns sent to a renowned hemorrhoids doctor.



Yor: Huh?



Fake lieutenant: I see. He used a cipher because he was embarrassed.



Fake lieutenant: How confusing.



Fake lieutenant: So, yes, it would appear we had the wrong idea.



Fake lieutenant: Your name isn't on here at all.



Fake lieutenant: You may leave, but make sure you keep quiet about this for Mr. Burns's sake, too.



Franky: Well, that was quite the farce.



Franky: Considering how she acted, it's pretty clear she has no connections with the secret police.



Franky: Hey, come on. Don't tell me you feel guilty for doubting her.



Loid: I don't.



Franky: I've warned you about this before, but don't develop unnecessary feelings for her.



Franky: If you value your life, don't trust anyone.



Franky: We have no other way to survive.



Loid: Somehow, it's extremely infuriating to hear those words from that face.



Franky: But you made that face!



Franky: Damn it! I thought I could land a few chicks with that face on.



Franky: My precious hot-guy face!



Loid: It's a terrible idea to date a woman while deceiving her.



Franky: Did you really just say that?



Yor: Today was terribly nerve-wracking.



Yor: I was almost arrested, meaning not only would I be ruined as a wife,



Yor: but I would've destroyed the Forgers.



Loid: Oh, hello, Yor.



Yor: Loid...



Loid: What a coincidence. Why don't we go home together?



Loid: Oh? There's something on your collar again, Yor.



Yor: I'm so sorry.



Yor: Apparently, I'm such a failure as wife that I can't even keep up proper appearances.



Loid: Well, if you ask me, Yor...



Loid: Perhaps many families throughout this world are somehow putting on an act,



Loid: thinking, "A wife should be like this," or, "You're supposed to be the parent."



Loid: Of course, I believe that working hard to be your best self is admirable.



Loid: But if you dwell on that so much that you lose yourself,



Loid: things that should go well might fall apart.



Loid: Many people suffering like that come to my hospital all the time.



Loid: Putting on an act all the time can become tiring.



Yor: Loid...



Loid: And that's why I want you to be as you are, Yor.



Loid: The more confident you seem, the less people will suspect anything.



Loid: And I'm sure Anya will be happier seeing you smile.



Yor: Thank you very much. I...



Yor: I'm truly grateful that I married you, Loid!



flashback Franky: Don't tell me you feel guilty for doubting her.



Yor: What did you just throw away?



Loid: Oh, just the lint I found on your collar earlier.



Loid: More importantly,



Loid: we didn't even do anything to celebrate our one-year wedding anniversary.



Loid: Why don't we buy some cake on our way home?



Yor: That's a lovely idea!



Anya: Papa, Mama! I have returned!



Yor: Welcome home, Miss Anya.



Loid: What's the matter?



Anya: Papa and Mama are getting along!



Loid: I told you that we were never fighting to begin with.



Yor: We have cake, Miss Anya!



Anya: I want some cake!



Loid: Hey, now. You're going to bother the people downstairs.



Sign: THE GREAT DODGEBALL PLAN