Loid: The man who threatens the peace between the East and the West...



Loid: Donovan Desmond.



Loid: In order to get closer to him,



Loid: I successfully had Anya enroll in Eden College, the school his son attends.



Loid: Next, in order to attend the social gathering that Desmond goes to,



Loid: I need Anya to obtain eight merits, called "Stella,"



Loid: so that she can become an Imperial Scholar.



Loid: To make this all happen at a prestigious school, however, would not be easy.



Loid: That is why I formulated a plan B, "The Friendship Scheme."



Loid: I was hoping to have Anya get closer to Desmond's son, Damian,



Sign: Come over!



Loid: which in turn would hopefully connect us as their parents.



Sign: Welcome



Sign: Thank you



Loid: But on the first day, she ended up punching Damian,



Loid: earned a Tonitrus Bolt, and left their friendship in shambles.



Loid: Alas, it is too early to give up.



Loid: This plan has only just begun.



Sign: THE TARGET'S SECOND SON



Yor: Good mworning...



Loid: Good morning, Yor. Breakfast is ready.



Loid: Looks like the three of us are getting used to life as a family.



Loid: Is Anya still asleep?



Loid: She's still worried about what happened yesterday?



Loid: Come on out. I won't get mad.



Loid: Eat quickly, or you'll be late.



Anya: I'm sorry I'm bad at school.



Yor: No, that was my fault.



Loid: There's no point to worrying about the past.



Loid: Just make sure you don't get into any more fights.



Loid: Okay, come on. Cheer up.



Loid: Your classes start today.



Yor: You're so kind, Loid.



Loid: Figuring out what we can do next is far more constructive than dwelling on the past.



Loid: Besides, it would be much worse if she somehow



Loid: got sick of school and didn't want to go anymore.



Loid: I need her school life to go as smoothly as possible for the sake of this mission.



Loid: Oh, and make sure you apologize to Damian at school today.



Loid: Got it?



Anya: Yep. Gonna go now.



Loid: Do your best and be a good girl!



Yor: It's time for us to head to work, too.



Loid: Yes.



Loid: I'm counting on you, Anya.



Loid: The peace of the world rests on you two making amends.



Anya: Anya will do her best.



Driver: Have a wonderful day, Miss Becky.



Anya: Miss Rich Girl!



Becky: Oh, Anya. Good day to you.



Anya: Do you live in a castle, Miss Rich Girl?



Becky: Of course not.



Becky: You came here on the school bus?



Becky: I could have my driver give you a ride to and from school from now on.



Anya: Does that mean I get to be a Miss Rich Girl, too?



Becky: I never said anything about adopting you.



Becky: Aw, I'm jealous of the dorm kids who don't have to go to and from school.



Becky: Bleh...



Emile: What do you mean, "Bleh"? You rude little girl!



Becky: Ugh, it's only morning and you're already obnoxious.



Emile: What's her problem?



Ewen: Know your place!



Becky: Nyah!



Loid: Make sure you apologize.



Anya: Um...



Anya: Um, yesterday, I...



Becky: Let's go, Anya. Our class is about to start.



Ewen: Hey, wait!



Becky: You'll just catch their stupid if you keep talking to them.



Anya: But world peace!



Sign: He was worried, so he came to check on her



Loid: Stop getting in the way, Blackbell girl!



Loid: No, wait.



Loid: As I recall, Blackbell and the Desmond Group are actually business partners.



Loid: Could this girl be under orders from an enemyorganization to put a stop to our mission?



Loid: No, calm down. That's not possible.



Loid: First impressions are the most important thing when forming a group of friends at school.



Loid: They must make amends today, no matter what.



Becky: You know...



Becky: Hm.



Alice: That's the girl who got violent, right?



Jesse: How scary! So barbaric.



Sara: Is the girl next to her another delinquent?



Johnny: She just hit him out of nowhere without a reason, right? That's nuts.



Male student B: I don't want to be in the same class as her.



Female student A: What if she hits me, too?



Male student A: I can't believe she came to school. Talk about a pain.



Anya: School is scary...



Becky: People are so shallow.



Becky: They can only judge what's on the surface.



Anya: Are you a smart person, Rich Girl?



Becky: Aw, I wouldn't say that.



Becky: And call me Becky, not "Rich Girl."



Instructor: All right, be seated.



Becky: I hope we become the best of friends.



Becky: I'm the only one who knows how good you are, Anya.



Female student B: Honestly, people like that are just...



Male student B: We'd better stay away from them.



Anya: School is scary, but I think it might be okay.



Becky: Hey, look! Isn't this cute?



Emile: Tch!



Ewen: Why don't you give them a piece of your mind, Lord Damian?



Damian: That's right. My name is Damian Desmond.



Instructor: All right, I'm calling the roll. Abel.



Damian: As one of the sons of a prestigious family, I was born into a life of privilege.



Abel: Here.



Instructor: Alice.



Alice: Here.



Instructor: Edward.



Edward: Here.



Damian: No one had ever defied me before.



Instructor: Damian.



Instructor: Yikes, the Desmond Group's chairman's son.



Damian: I've never even been hit by my older brother.



Instructor: Mr. Desmond.



Damian: And yet...



Instructor: Mr. Desmond.



Damian: Here.



Instructor: Conner.



Damian: This is the first time I've had to deal with such...



Conner: Here.



Instructor: George.



Damian: With such...



George: Here.



Damian: With such...



Instructor: Herman.



Herman: Here.



Dominic: With such...



Instructor: Sara.



Sara: Here.



Instructor: Johnny.



Johnny: Here.



Instructor: Jesse.



Jesse: Here.



Instructor: Carl.



Carl: Here.



Instructor: Well, today will be our first lesson,



Instructor: so before we begin...



Instructor: This is the starting line for all of you who worked so hard to get into this school...



Sign: Math Class



Instructor: As you can see in this example, when this and this are like this...



Instructor: And that's why this turns out like this, and this is... this.



Instructor: So you get this answer by doing this...



Instructor: And if you get this answer, you can use the same method to get the answer over here.



Instructor: She had the nerve to fall asleep in first period on her first day.



Instructor: Is she actually a delinquent?



Instructor: How scary.



Becky: Anya!



Becky: We have science class next. Wake up!



Anya: Second son!



Anya: I have to apologize to the second son.



Becky: Second son? You mean Damian?



Becky: He already left.



Becky: And just leave that loser alone.



Anya: But peace will be in trouble if I don't apologize to the second son.



Becky: You mean it'll put a damper on your peaceful school life?



Becky: I mean, yeah... Who knows what that boy will try to do?



Becky: But don't worry.



Becky: I'm on your side, Anya!



Becky: I'll protect you, no matter what.



Anya: Oh, it's okay, then.



Becky: Yes.



Loid: No, it's not!



Anya: Papa?!



Loid: I need a way to tell her how important that apology is!



Instructor (Science): As you can see, you can reflect the sun's rays using a mirror.



Sign: Science Class



Instructor (Science): The spot where the light hits will feel warm.



Instructor (Science): Next, let's try an experiment using two mirrors.



Sign: <Fortune for Good Little Children>It is good to apologize today.



Anya: Is that you, God?!



Instructor (Science): We will use the other mirror to reflect the light from earlier.



Loid: Apologize, Anya. Reconcile with him.



Anya: I suddenly feel this intense pressure.



Male student C: "And that's when John made up his mind.



Sign: Language Class



Male student C: Even if he were to be left out, he was going to see his beliefs through.



Male student C: And then John never apologized to anyone ever again."



Sign: "But then John reflected upon his actions"



Sign: "and thought, 'Sometimes, it's just better to admit you're wrong and get along with others.'"



Anya: My textbook seems different from everyone else's...



Sign: Lunchtime



Becky: It's finally time for lunch. Let's go to the cafeteria.



Becky: I guess this really is a prestigious school.



Becky: We're getting pretty brutal lessons from day one.



Becky: I'm exhausted.



Female Instructor: New students, you can order whatever you'd like for lunch.



Sign: Cafeteria



Becky: Huh... Well, they're nowhere near as talented as my chef.



Anya: Anya wants omelet rice.



Becky: What a bizarre dish.



Anya: Second son!



Becky: Ew, go eat in your dorm.



Anya: I have to apologize.



Becky: No, you don't.



Becky: They're the ones at fault.



Loid: That stupid little brat!



Loid: That's it. I need to get her away from Anya.



Senior waiter: Hey, newbie! Where are you going?!



Loid: Becky Blackbell from Class -.



Loid: Come to the student hall in Tower A immediately.



Becky: Huh? But I'm still eating.



Loid: Now!



Becky: Ugh!



Anya: Now's my chance to apologize.



Ewen: Wh-What do you want?! You wanna fight again?



Anya: Um—



Emile: If you hadn't sucker punched him, Lord Damian never would've lost to you!



Anya: Um...



Damian: Shut up, you two.



Emile: Huh? I see. You're going to personally give her what for!



Damian: Why do I find it so hard to speak when she's in front of me?



Ewen: Lord Damian?



Damian: What is this awkward sensation I'm feeling in my chest?



Anya: I feel a weird chill. I betterapologize quick, then run away.



Emile: Knowing Lord Damian,



Emile: I'm sure he's finding the absolute perfect insults to rip this little girl to shreds!



Ewen: I wonder what he'll go for? "Shrimp"?



Ewen: No, that is far too meek.



Emile: Super uggo? Raccoon face?



Anya: Um...



Ewen: Violent gorilla girl?



Anya: I...



Emile: She's even got those lame hair things that look like horns.



Anya: Y-Yesterday...



Ewen: Your momma's so fat...



Ewen: You've got stubby little legs.



Emile: Stubby little legs!



Emile: She's even got those lame hair things that look like horns.



Ewen: Raccoon-faced commoner!



Emile: You'll get your filthy commoner germs on us.



Emile: Go away, you stubby little raccoon.



Emile: With stubby little legs...



Ewen: Stubby little legs!



Anya: I'm... um...



Anya: I'm r-really sorry...



Anya: that I suddenly hit you yesterday!



Anya: I just wanted...



Anya: to be friends with you.



Anya: I'm sorry...



Anya: for having stubby little legs.



Damian: Sh-She felt so bad that she's actually bawling?!



Damian: She's so demure.



Loid: I guess I didn't really need to interfere.



Loid: Well done, Anya. Good job apologizing.



Ewen: Lord Damian, your face is bright red.



Damian: That's just because... I'm enraged!



Damian: I would never...



Damian: That's right. She defied me! Right to my face!



Damian: Yes...



Damian: She came right up to me...



Damian: Stared deep into my eyes...



Damian: N-No! That's not what's going on!



Damian: Stop pounding, my stupid heart!



Damian: She's a commoner! I would never...



Damian: No, never!



Damian: That's just too embarrassing.



Damian: Damn it all! I'd rather die than ever admit it!



Damian: I will never forgive you! My pride will not allow it!



Ewen: Well said, Lord Damian! A woman's tears cannot sway him!



Emile: We'll let you off the hook for today.



Emile: Lord Damian!



Loid: Her apology... was completely rejected?!



Loid: Plan B is done for.



Emile: By the way, why are we running?



Damian: Shut up!



Sign: Relationship with Damian: 



Anya: School is... scary.



Anya: Becky!



Becky: Who was it?! Who the heck called me out here?!



Sign: Tower A Student Hall



Loid: That makes the denominator three, and you get one-third.



Loid: Which means you have three thirds, which is equal to one.



Loid: Simple, right?



Yor: L-Loid, why don't you both take a break?



Loid: Absolutely not. She has to learn at least this much by today.



Loid: The incident with Damian the other day...



Loid: The "Friendship Scheme" that was meant to bring us closer to the Desmonds...



flashbackDamian: I will never forgive you!



Loid: completely fell apart.



Loid: Which means we need to go with the orthodox method of Plan A,



Loid: and boost its chances of success as much as possible.



Loid: If you don't finish this, you don't get to watch your spy cartoon tonight.



Loid: Well? What's the answer here?



Anya: I'll finish this quick by reading Papa's mind.



Loid: Come on. You use this formula here...



Loid internal: In order to get the Stella needed to become an Imperial Scholar,



Loid internal: there are other methods such as excelling in sports



If her grades deviate too much from the norm, it might make people suspicious, which would make the school wary of her, and the Desmonds...There are other methods such as excelling in sports or doing community service, But in order to halt getting Tonitrus Bolts from bad grades or being expelled from them, we need to get her academic skills up so she can get stable grades. If Anya puts in the effort...Carelessly becoming someone else in order to infiltrate and get close to someone is risky. If the worst happens, WISE won't keep quiet, since they're already on high alert against Western spies. Which means we basically need to proceed with caution...I could enter the faculty room and alter documents, though honestly, the most absolute way to get to the social gathering is to infiltrate it, but over the past few years, fellow agents have...But as far as the process goes, the best way to maximize academic efficiency within the family...



Loid internal: or doing community service.



Loid internal: But in order to halt getting Tonitrus Bolts from bad grades



Loid internal: Though honestly, the most absolute way to get to the social gathering



Loid internal: or being expelled from them, we need to get her academic skills up.



Loid internal: is to infiltrate it, but over the past few years, fellow agents have...



Loid internal: I could enter the faculty roomand alter documents...



Yor: Are you all right, Miss Anya?!



Anya: I will read Mama's mind.



Anya: Mama, this question...



Yor: Let's think it over together.



Yor: Let's see... The denominator is five, so that's one split into five.



Yor: Um... To make this easier to understand,



Yor: let's rip all four limbs off of a torso...



Yor: Oh, but then the head gets in the way.



Yor: Huh? Um...



Yor: Five... Five?



Yor: Doesn't a five look like an S?



Yor: Are you all right, Miss Anya?!



Loid: What's wrong? Well? Why can't you solve this?



Loid: I honestly can't figure out what it is she can't understand.



Anya: I don't wanna study!



Loid: Hey, wait a minute!



Yor: L-Loid...



Yor: I don't think it's a good idea to be too forceful at times like this.



Loid: Yes, but she needs to study more to become an Imperial Scholar.



Yor: But is that something she wants for herself?



Loid: Well...



Loid: That's actually for my mission.



Yor: I would really like Miss Anya to enjoy going to school.



Yor: Of course, she may need to studyso that she doesn't get expelled.



Loid: Yes... You're right.



Loid: She's still very young,



Loid: so getting good grades is probably the least of her worries.



Yor: Oh, I'm sorry.



Yor: I shouldn't butt into another family's affairs.



Loid: No, it's quite all right. Thank you, Yor.



Loid: I do lose my composure with her at times.



Yor: I'm sure other parents go through the same thing.



Yor: Let's take a break.



Yor: I'll make us some tea.



Loid: Anya, we made you some hot cocoa.



Loid: And now she's holed up in her room.



Yor: I guess she's sulking now.



Anya: I'm gonna do my best in school!



Yor: She reminds me of my little brother when he was small.



Yor: She'll come out eventually.



Loid: By the way, your brother works for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, right?



Loid: He must have a brilliant academic record.



Loid: Did you help him with his homework?



Loid: If you have any tips for me...



Yor: Oh, no. Yuri was a much more capable child than I was.



Yor: I'm embarrassed to admit it, but he probably taught me more than I taught him.



Yor: Whenever we'd study together...



Young Yuri: No, Sis. Spiders actually aren't insects.



Young Yuri: Insects have six legs,



Young Yuri: and their bodies are split up between their head, thorax, and abdomen.



Young Yor: Wow... You're so knowledgeable, Yuri.



Yor: Whenever I complimented him, his smile would light up the room.



Young Yuri: Sis! Next, I'll teach you history!



Young Yor: S-Sure...



Yor: He must've enjoyed teaching me things,



Yor: because he'd always study on his own even when I left him alone.



Young Yuri: Sis, wake up! I learned my times tables! Listen!



Young Yor: Mrfh...



Loid: I see. So part of his motivation was earning your praise.



Yor: I'm not so sure about that,



Yor: but if that is the case, perhaps you can be someone like that for Miss Anya.



Yor: It might be worth it to praise her for the smallest things.



Yor: I think that'll make Miss Anya happy.



Loid: Well... I'm not so sure about that.



Loid: I'm not her real father, after all.



Loid: Wait, no.



Loid: That's right. I need to be the ideal father.



Loid: I need to play that part.



Loid: That was the foundation of this mission.



Loid: But up until now, nothing has been ideal,



Loid: and as a father, I've been...



Yor: It's all right.



Yor: Please be more confident in yourself.



Yor: Don't you remember what Miss Anya said?



Yor: That we're a perfect  points.



Yor: To Miss Anya, you're a wonderful father.



Loid: I'm grateful to hear you say that.



Yor: Oh, no. I butted in as a stranger again.



Loid: No, Yor.



Loid: You're not a stranger, nor part of someone else's family.



Loid: Right now, you're the mother of the Forgers.



Loid: I'm counting on you to provide whatever I'm lacking.



Yor: Th-That's right. I'm actually someone's wife.



Loid: Don't say things like that when we're out of the house.



Loid: It would be great if you could look over Anya's homework, too.



Yor: Of course, if you think I can be of help.



Yor: Let's take our time and do our best together.



Loid: That's right. Don't panic, Twilight.



Loid: If this could be ended by assassinating Desmond alone,



Loid: there would be countless methods,



Loid: but that won't get us to a true solution.



Loid: Nothing goes well in a short amount of time.



Loid: You need to know what your targetis thinking, what they desire,



Loid: then gain their trust and get close to them so you can keep an eye on them.



Loid: Completing such mundane missions that require patience makes a true spy.



Loid: First, I need to truly understand Anya.



Yor: Oh, look at the time.



Loid: I'll go have a chat with Anya.



Yor: Then I'll go ahead and do the dishes.



Loid: Hey, Anya. Your spy show's about to start.



Loid: I'm sorry about earlier.



Loid: Let's watch your show first,



Loid: and then we can figure out what to do about your studies.



Loid: Anya?



Loid: She fell asleep.



Loid: You're going to catch a cold.



Loid: She was studying on her own?



Anya: I have to get the best grades on my tests for Papa...



Loid: I guess I'll just record that show for her.



Anya: No, Mama. You can't k*ll Papa...



Loid: What exactly is she dreaming about?



Anya: Zzz...



Loid: A wonderful father, huh?



Loid: I wonder what it'd feel like to have a real family.



Dominic: Heya, Yuri! Working hard, I see!



Yuri: Oh, it's been a while, Dominic.



Yuri: I've been so busy with work that I haven't been home at all.



Dominic: Elites at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs sure are cut from a different cloth.



Yuri: Oh, yeah. Dominic, how was the party the other day?



Yuri: What was the guy my sister went with like?



Dominic: Oh, Yor's...



Dominic: Ah... Actually, congrats, by the way.



Dominic: Wait, you haven't met him yet?



Yuri: Huh?



Yuri: My sister got married?



THE COUNTER-SECRET POLICE COVER OPERATION