Sign: THE COUNTER-SECRET POLICE COVER OPERATION



Instructor (Math): Now, who can answer this question?



Instructor (Math): Miss Anya Forger.



Anya: Three-thirds!



Instructor (Math): Ah. That is quite wrong.



Handler: So, how are things going, Twilight?



Handler: How is your daughter doing with her academics?



Handler: HQ was estimating that she'd be able to receive eight Stella in about four months.



Loid: Four...



Loid: Not a problem.



Handler: I see... that your ability to lie has diminished.



Loid: I'm confident she'll be able to get eight Tonitrus Bolts in two months, though.



Handler: No matter.



Handler: By the way...



Handler: Our informant within city hall was compromised this morning.



Handler: The enemy is stepping up their game.



Handler: Be on your guard, Twilight.



Handler: I shouldn't have to say this about being in the city,



Handler: but be it at Eden College or elsewhere,



Handler: you never know where eyes will be watching you.



Handler: This country's counter-intelligence agency is quite tough.



Hayward: H-How can I help you gentlemen?



First Lieutenant: We're with the State Security Service.



First Lieutenant: You're Jim Hayward, are you not?



First Lieutenant: We're taking you in on suspicion of being a spy.



Hayward: A s-spy?! What are you talking about?



Hayward: Hey... wait!



Hayward: Stop that! Unhand me at onc—



First Lieutenant: We'll hear what you have to say back at the office.



Millie: That's totally what happened this morning! I was so scared!



Sharon: The guy they took from finance



Sharon: was apparently leaking documents from this office.



Yor: Oh, he must be a bad person.



Camilla: Mornin'.



Millie: Oh, mornin'!



Yor: Good morning, Camilla.



Camilla: Oh, by the way, Yor, my boyfriend told me about your marriage.



Camilla: You haven't even told your younger brother yet?



Yor: Oh, you're right! I'd completely forgotten!



Sharon: Uh, you forgot? For a whole year?



Yor: Wh-What shall I do?



Camilla: He said he'll be calling you here later.



Yor: That's right.



Yor: I haven't given him the number for my new place yet.



Yor: I was so relieved our marriage went throughthat I blanked on everything else!



Millie: Say... is your younger brother a hottie?



Millie: Aw, he's a total cutie!



Yor: Yes. Yuri is quite adorable.



Yor: He would always call me "Sis" and refused to leave my side.



Sign: The State Security Service



Millie: Yikes, so he's obsessed with his sister. Pass.



Sharon: If your brother looks up to you so much,isn't it kinda mean to forget to tell him that?



First Lieutenant: Let's start one more time from the beginning.



First Lieutenant: How many and what kind of files did you take from city hall?



First Lieutenant: Who did you sell them to?



First Lieutenant: What do they look like?What is their contact information?



First Lieutenant: When, where, and how many times did you meet with them?



Hayward: Please let me go home.



Narrator: The State Security Service.



Narrator: An organization whose goal is to maintain the peace within their nation.



First Lieutenant: Since we're both so good at talking, let's continue, Mr. Hayward.



Narrator: Its main duties include spy hunting and keeping an eye on the citizens.



First Lieutenant: What do you say?



Narrator: To complete their missions, they frequently use violence,



Narrator: wiretapping, intimidation, and t*rture.



Narrator: The citizens called them the "secret police," and they are feared.



Yuri: Great work, First Lieutenant. The boss asked me to take over the questioning.



First Lieutenant: All right. I'll leave the rest to you,



First Lieutenant: Second Lieutenant Briar.



Yuri: Yes, sir! I'll do my best!



Narrator: Yuri Briar, age twenty.



Narrator: He is a member of the secret police.



Second lieutenant: Why did the boss bring such a softie into our team?



Second lieutenant: I admit that he's good, but frankly, he's just a kid.



Second lieutenant: Some elite from the Ministry of ForeignAffairs who quickly rose up the ranks.



First lieutenant: When I talked to the boss...



Chief: Huh? Well, isn't Yuri adorable?



Chief: He's like some cute little puppy.



First Lieutenant: And that was all.



Second Lieutenant: I-I see...



First Lieutenant: Well, our organization needs a kid like him sometimes.



First Lieutenant: Not to mention, he knows how to do the job,



First Lieutenant: and he can be quite indiscriminate.



Yuri: Hello, Mr. Hayward!



Hayward: You won't get anything out of m—



Yuri: My older sister actually works at city hall just like you do!



Hayward: Huh?



Yuri: Maybe you know her. She's pretty and kind, and I'm super proud of her!



Yuri: I'm actually going to celebrate her marriage today.



Yuri: I haven't seen her in forever, so I'm really excited!



Yuri: So, yeah. I'd like to get this over with quickly so I can go home.



Yuri: Why don't you just spit it all out already?



Hayward: I-I don't know anything!



Yuri: Here are photos of your deals.



Yuri: This is you, isn't it, Mr. Hayward?



Secretary: Second Lieutenant, you—



Secretary: How long were you holding on to important evidence like this?!



Yuri: Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot to submit them.



Yuri: You'd be much better off if you were honest.



Heyward: So, I was just giving them the papers in exchange for cash.



Heyward: All I know about him is that he's from the West. I don't even know his name.



Yuri: Was there anything awkward about this man's looks or speech?



Yuri: Perhaps he didn't act his age?



Heyward: No, nothing like that.



Yuri: I see. In that case...



Yuri: Does the name "Twilight" sound familiar to you?



Heyward: Who?



Yuri: He's a spy from the West. Apparently, a master of disguise.



Yuri: He is the villain who is trying to make this world fall into chaos.



Yuri: You could call him my natural enemy.



Heyward: I-If I helped you catch him, could we just forget about all this?



Yuri: Do you know something?



Heyward: Er, no, but let me remember...



Yuri: If you feed me false information, you'll be committing another crime, so do be careful.



Heyward: I just wanted extra money so I could fool around with girls! I didn't mean any harm.



Yuri: You have a wife, don't you?



Heyward: You're a man, too! You must understand!



Heyward: I was just selling some documents. I'm no political criminal.



Heyward: Let me off the hook! Please!



Yuri: Mr. Hayward, you see...



Yuri: I haven't told my sister that I work for the State Security Service.



Yuri: It's a particularly dangerous job, so it'd just worry her.



Yuri: And above all, I don't want her to know how much dirty work I do.



Yuri: Mr. Hayward, what you've done is treason.



Yuri: Perhaps they were nothing more than pieces of paper to you,



Yuri: but they may very well put many of our citizens in danger.



Yuri: Do you understand?!



Yuri: Unlike you, I love my family... my sister.



Yuri: I will do anything to protect this country where my sister lives.



Yuri: And I do mean anything.



Bondman: I don't care how much you t*rture me!



Bondman: I will never... sell out my friends!



Enemy: Curse you and your resilience, Bondman!



Loid: If only she could concentrate on her studies like this.



Bondman: I only have two b*ll*ts left.



Anya: How many b*ll*ts can Bondman's p*stol hold?



Loid: Hm? I'm pretty sure it was eight.



Anya: So that's two-eighths!



Loid: Yes! You're right!



Anya: He has two-eighths of his b*ll*ts left!



Loid: How do you even know those words?



Loid: So the cartoon makes things easier for her to understand?



Yor: Th-Th-Th-Th-There's trouble, Loid!



Loid: Welcome home, Yor.



Anya: He has two-eighths of his b*ll*ts left!



Yor: Yuri... I mean, my younger brother is coming here today!



Loid: Today?!



Yor: So, yes...



Yor: He insists on coming over and congratulating us.



Yor: What shall we do? He won't find out that this marriage is fake, will he?



Loid: Don't worry.



Loid: I've prepared lovey-dovey couple accessories for just this sort of occasion.



Anya: Papa and Mama are flirting.



Loid and Yor: We are not!



Anya: Mama's little brother still isn't here?



Loid: You mean your uncle.



Anya: Unkie...



Loid: It's late. You should go to bed.



Anya: Anya will greet Unkie, too...



Yor: It appears as though he's still stuck at work.



Yuri: I got a little worked up, and now I'm late.



Yuri: Ah, but...



Yuri: I'll finally be able to see Sis! It's been so long! La, la!



Yuri: Hurgh!



Yuri: I can feel the ribs that my sister broke before tingling.



Yuri: I'm remembering her loving embrace, and now my whole body is tingling!



Yuri: But why in the world did my sister wait a whole year to tell me she was married?



Yuri: Could he be some foul villain that she's afraid of introducing to me?!



Yuri: I will eliminate every threat within this country where my sister lives.



Yuri: That includes her husband, too.



Yuri: Loid Forger...



Yuri: If he's some shithead who's threatening my sister, I'll throw him in a cell immediately.



Yuri: No, calm down. She mustn't find out about my job.



Yuri: In order to protect my job and my happiness,



Yuri: I must make sure she never finds out about this!



Loid: Yuri Briar...



Loid: The Forgers' only blood relative.



Loid: It's easy to slip up around someone you'reemotionally close to. We must be careful.



Loid: I cannot lose this family that I've worked so hard to create.



Narrator: Everyone has a side they don't show anyone else.



Narrator: To their friends, their significant others, or even their families.



Yuri: Hello! It's nice to meet you! I'm Yor's younger brother, Yuri!



Narrator: They hide what they're truly feeling through fake smiles or bravado,



Narrator: and keep their true identities secret.



Loid and Yor: Welcome.



Narrator: That is how the world keeps up the appearance of its temporary peace.



Announcer: Foreign Minister Windsor met with Westalis's Foreign Minister Brantz for six days of talks,



Announcer: with the goal of normalizing diplomatic relations between the two countries.



Loid: I'm going to find out...



Yuri: I'm going to find out...



Loid: if this man is going to harm our family or not!



Yuri: if this man is worthy of my sister or not!



Yuri: No, of course he's not worthy.



Loid: Oh, let me take your coat and the things you're carrying.



Yuri: Oh, no, there's no need. Thank you for offering.



Loid: I can prepare something simple for us to eat pretty quickly.



Loid: The two of you can go ahead and relax.



Yuri: Oh, don't mind me.



Yuri: I would never eat something you've made.



Yor: Oh, you look so scary, Yuri.You must be nervous.



Yuri: I-I'm not...



Yuri: Crap. My animosity must've been showing.



Yor: Please, make yourself at home.



Yuri: I could still be worked up from that interrogation earlier.



Yuri: I need to play the part of the studious civil servant in front of my sister!



Yor: I need to play the part of the lovely wife in front of Yuri!



Yor: I could never tell him that I got married so I could continue k*lling!



Yor: Thank you for the flowers, Yuri.



Yuri: Sure... But, Sis...



Yuri: I haven't accepted your marriage yet.



Yuri: Why did you keep this a secret for a year?



Yuri: How am I supposed to accept it if you don't explain?



Loid: A reasonable question.



Loid: Now, then...



Loid: About your brother... Why don't we just go ahead and tell him everything?



Loid: The fact that single women are seen as highly suspicious



Loid: is a very serious issue in our times.



Loid: I'm sure your brother will understand.



Yor: W-We can't!



Yor: My brother can be very, er, sensitive.



Yor: If he found out that I... I got married to someone I wasn't in love with,



Yor: he would probably lose his composure.



Yor: Then we could end up troubling you, Loid...



Yor: And I don't want my brother to have to worry about me over something like this.



Yor: Oh, b-but don't worry! I have the perfect excuse to give him!



flashback Yor: I know more about Yuri than anyone else, so leave this to me!



Loid: I'm counting on you, Yor.



Yuri: Well, Sis? Why didn't you tell me?



Yor: W-Well...



Yor: B-Because I completely forgot!



Yuri: Huh? Okay, uh, I...



Yor: It completely slipped my mind!



Yuri: Actually, when I called you the other day,  you told me that you had a partner.



Yuri: You could've at least told me then!



Yor: W-Well...



Yor: I forgot that I had forgotten to tell you about my marriage!



Yuri: Well, if you say so, it must be true! Sorry, Sis.



Loid: He accepted that?!



Narrator: When it concerns his sister, this man's sense of logic goes out the window.



Yuri: Jeez, Sis! You're such a scatterbrain!



Loid: Is this normal for the Briars?



Loid: Sorry to keep you waiting.



Yuri: Tch. How dare you interrupt the fun Sis and I were having?



Yuri: No... If I keep up this nasty attitude, Sis might end up hating me.



Yuri: I need to at least fake—



Yor: Isn't Loid's cooking just so delicious?



Yuri: Hmph! Don't think your cooking is enough to win me over, you villain!



Yuri: Oh, right. I actually brought over some wine.



Yuri: Please, help yourselves.



Loid: How considerate of you.



Yuri: I'll get you drunk and expose you for the filthy villain you are!



Loid: None for you tonight, Yor.



Yor: I know.



Yor: Unfortunately.



Yuri: So where did you two meet?



Loid: At the boutique on rd Street.



Yor: It was so surprising for a man I didn't know to stare at me like that.



Loid: Er, well... She was just so beautiful, you know...



Loid: The way you said that...



Loid: This subject will probably lead to a slip-up. I need to change it.



Loid: After a few dinners, we realized we had a lot in common.



Yuri: When were these dinners? Where? How many times did you go?



Yuri: Which restaurants?



Yuri: How many encounters led to your courtship?



Yuri: What made you decide to marry her?



Loid: Um...



Loid: Why do I feel like I'm being questioned by an officer?



Yuri: How do the two of you address each other?



Loid: Huh? Er, I call her "Yor."



Yuri: "Yor"?!



Yuri: Even I hesitate to use her given name!



Yuri: S-S-S-Sis, you don't happen to call him "Loi Loi" or "Loidy," do you?



Yor: Huh? Um...



Yuri: Loidy!



Yuri: God damn it!



Yor: I-I just... call him Loid!



Narrator: When it concerns his sister, this man's sense of logic... Well, you know the rest.



Loid: Are you all right?



Loid: Here, have some water.



Yuri: What could my sister possibly like about this guy?!



Yuri: Just because he can cook a little, and he's handsome, and tall,



Yuri: and considerate, and a doctor, that's just...



Yuri: That's just...



Yuri: God damn it!



Yor: Yuri, calm down.



Loid: I guess neither Briar holds their liquor well.



Loid: By the way, Yuri, I hear you're a diplomat.



Loid: Divert, divert...



Loid: That's quite the line of work. Yor loves to brag about you all the time.



Yor: Dominic told me the other day that you went all the way to Hugaria recently.



Yuri: Huh? Yeah. I mean, it's just work.



Yuri: But yes. It was a beautiful city.



Yuri: I wish I could've shown you, Sis.



Yuri: There were a lot of cafés, too.



Yuri: There was even an old one that an empress used to frequent...



Loid: You mean in the capital city Obda, right?



Loid: There are several delicious restaurants there.



Loid: I went there when I was a medical student.



Yuri: Oh, really?



Yuri: I went to Kalpatia often.



Yuri: The old man who owns it makes a superb stew.



Loid: I had that, too! Ah...



Loid: So this wine is also from Hugaria. It's excellent.



Loid: This is...



Yuri: Oh, that...



Loid: "I bought it from a shop on Hedger Street."



Yuri: I found it at a little shop on Hedger Street.



Loid: It must've been pricey.



Loid: It's  dalc.



Yuri: Oh, no. It was just around  dalc.



Loid: I knew it.



Loid: That's plenty fancy. Thank you very much.



Loid: This conversation...



Loid: It's right out of the Ostanian Intelligence Agency's manual for the art of deception.



Loid: It's a conversation template used to fabricate a story about going to another country.



Loid: Meaning this whole story's been a lie.



Loid: Besides, the owner of Kalpatia now has his son running the shop.



Loid: And this wine actually costs  dalc now due to a poor harvest.



Loid: You may be able to fool an amateur, but it won't work on me,



Loid: Yuri Briar!



Loid: I had my reservations as soon as I heard you worked for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.



Loid: That line of work has commonly been an entryway to espionage.



Loid: I had Franky do some digging,



Loid: and there are records showing he worked in that department up until a year ago.



Loid: He must've been scouted by the intelligence agency right before or after that.



Loid: Putting all the pieces together,



Loid: this man works for the domestic counter-intelligence agency



Loid: that is WISE's mortal enemy... the secret police!



Loid: That said, though it may be dangerous,



Loid: as long as he doesn't find out who I really am,



Loid: maintaining this relationship isn't a bad idea.



Loid: If I play my cards right, he could be a powerful source of information



Loid: regarding my enemies.



Loid: I'll get you something in return next time.



Yor: Isn't it wonderful that you have such a lovely older brother now, Yuri?



Loid: He appears to be concealing his identity from Yor, too.



Loid: He may be easier to manipulate than I thought.



Yor: Yuri?



Yuri: I told you I wouldn't accept him, Sis!



Yuri: I'm never going to call him my brother!



Yor: You're being rude, Yuri.



Yuri: Yeah, you're right.



Yuri: I went out into the world, made a name for myself,



Yuri: and I can even buy expensive booze now!



Yuri: But that's all because of my sister!



Yuri: Our parents were gone, and we were poor,



Yuri: so we couldn't even get everything I'd need for studying.



Yuri: But...



Young Yuri: Sis sure is late. She's still at her part-time job?



Young Yor: I'm home, Yuri!



Young Yuri: Uh, Sis?!



Young Yuri: What happened?! You're covered in blood!



Young Yuri: What kind of work were you doing?!



Young Yor: Huh? Oh, I'm totally fine.



flashback Young Yor: This isn't my blood, so...



Young Yor: More importantly, look, Yuri!



Young Yor: Ta-da! It's the encyclopedia set you wanted!



Young Yor: I got paid a lot this time, so I went ahead and bought it!



Young Yuri: Sis...



flashbackYoung Yor: Ta-da! Here are those snacks you wanted, Yuri!



Yor: Sis would always work herself to death for me!



flashbackYoung Yuri: You don't have to work anymore, Sis!



Yuri: So I made up my mind... that I was going to become a proper adult,



Yuri: and be a man who could protect my sister.



Yuri: I'm going to be the one who protects my one and only family member.



Yuri: Can you even imagine



Yuri: how it feels for me to have the most important person in my life



Yuri: just suddenly taken from me by some guy who appeared out of thin air?



Yor: Yuri...



Yuri: Sure, I wanted you to get married someday and find true happiness.



Yuri: But that guy has to be someone who could protect you even better than me!



Yuri: Are you saying you're up to that task,



Yuri: Loidy?!



Loid: Lo—



Yor: I just want to put my brother's mind at ease.



Loid: I...



Loid: I love Yor as much as you do, if not more!



Loid: My daughter loves Yor very much, too.



Yor: Come on... This is just an act to deceive my brother.



Loid: She is already a part of my family.



Loid: Even if spears or meteors rained down from the sky,



Loid: I would risk my life to protect her.



Narrator: This man was a bold liar.



Yuri: Did he say... meteors?!



Yuri: I'm confident that I could protect her from spears, but meteors?!



Yuri: Is he surprisingly powerful? But how would he do that?



Yuri: I-It's easy to claim such things, you liar!



Yuri: Yeah! You have the face of a liar!



Yor: Oh, goodness.



Yor: You're so careless sometimes, Yuri!



Loid internal: I have the face of a liar? Has he seen through me?



Loid: Oh, don't worry about it, Yor. I'll clean it up.



Loid internal: No, that couldn't be.



Yuri: What? You've been married for a year,



Yuri: and that's your reaction when your hands touch?



Yuri: What? Are you actually married?



Loid: Wha—



Loid: Wh-What are you talking about?We're so in love.



Yor: Y-Yes, exactly.



Yuri: A likely story... If you're really married, then prove it to me.



Loid: I mean, we have our marriage license...



Yuri: That's not what I meant!



Yuri: Kiss right here and now.



Yor and Loid: Huh?!



Yuri: Should be easy if you're actually in love.



Yor: Er... But if it's in front of someone...



Yuri: Just once is fine. Then I'll believe you.



Yuri: If you can't, I'm going to city hall to have them revoke your marriage license!



Loid: This is bad. What should I do?



Loid: No, calm down.



Loid: I'm Westalis's greatest spy, Twilight.



Loid: I've had relations with countless women on my missions.



Loid: If a kiss or two will keep my mission safe...



Loid: If that's all it takes...



Yor: What?!



Yor: Loid, wait...



Loid: I'm just going to do what I always do, Yor.



Loid: Come on.



Yor: I mean, we need to so we can keep our fake marriage going, but...



Yor: Wha...



Yor: Wha...



Yor: What?!



Sign: SHOW OFF HOW IN LOVE YOU ARE