Loid: Yeah, no.



Franky: What?!



Anya: Anya cannot accept this mama.



Loid: You're just not going to cut it for the mother role, Franky.



Franky: You're literally a spy. Couldn't you have done my disguise better?



Loid: There's only so much I can do with your height and physique.



Franky: I can't believe I volunteered for this!



Anya: Have a peanut.



Loid: Operation Strix.



Loid: In order to stop a key figure in Ostania, Desmond, from trying to start a w*r,



Loid: I was given this top-secret mission as a member of WISE.



Loid: We were able to pass the written exam to get into the prestigious Eden College,



Loid: but who knew the interview process's next stage demanded the attendance of both parents?



Loid: Very well.



Sign: SECURE A WIFE



Loid: I guess I'll have to explore my options.



Camilla: Did you hear? A thief might've entered our office.



Sign: Capital City Berlint, City Hall



Camilla: Apparently, they only searched drawers with information regarding the girls.



Camilla: Like, what? What kind of creep does that?



Millie: Honestly, the section chief is way creepier.



Millie: He's always ogling me.



Sharon: That's because you're always wearing those short skirts.



Millie: Well, my boyfriend likes it when I wear them.



Millie: You've got a nice figure yourself, Sharon, so flaunt it more.



Sharon: You don't bother anymore once you have a kid.



Camilla: So hey...



Camilla: What do you think about this, Yor? Isn't it creepy?



Yor: Sorry?



Millie: Is that the section chief's coffee? Let's put some boogers in it.



Yor: Huh?



Yor: Do boogers somehow make it taste better?



Camilla: You know, Yor... I've gotta say you're rather...



Camilla: unique.



Millie: I know, right?



Millie: She's so out there that I bet guys keep their distance.



Sharon: Come on, now, Millie.



Camilla: You've got a nice face and body, Yor.



Camilla: You'd be a knockout if you just dressed up.



Yor: Uh-huh...



Millie: I'll give you the deets on some of my favorite cosmetics.



Yor: I'm honestly content as long as I get to keep this job.



Camilla: But aren't you, like, ? You need to be careful.



Camilla: There seem to be a lot of spies around lately, you know?



Camilla: So people are apparently getting reported over the tiniest things.



Camilla: The other day, a single woman in her late twenties



Camilla: got reported by her neighbors for being suspicious.



Millie: Wait, what? That's hilarious.



Millie: You know everything, Camilla.



Sharon: True, it's unheard of to be single at that age. Very suspicious.



Yor: Oh, I see. Thank you for the warning.



Camilla: Oh, yeah. I'm having a party at my place this weekend.



Camilla: You should totally come, Yor.



Camilla: Make sure you bring your partner with you.



Sharon: Isn't that asking a bit much?



Camilla: Maybe the creeper who snuck into this place will go with her.



Millie: That's so mean!



Yor: Hello, Briar residence.



Yuri: Hey, Sis. How have you been?



Yor: Oh, Yuri.



Yuri: How's work going?



Yor: Don't worry. I'm still employed.



Yuri: I'm worried about you. You're kinda unusual, y'know.



Yor: How rude. I'm completely normal.



Yuri: Isn't it about time you got married?



Yuri: Anyone you're interested in?



Yor: This again?



Yuri: The thing is, there's a chance I might get promoted...



Yuri: Meaning I'll probably be even busier running around than before.



Yuri: But I can't leave you alone like this,



Yuri: so I'm not sure if I should take it.



Yuri: The whole reason I got this far is because of you, and I'm truly grateful.



Yuri: That's why I just want you to be happy.



Yor: I know.



Yor: Thank you, Yuri.



Yuri: If you want, I can introduce you to someone.



Yor: Huh? N-No, that's okay.



Yor: O-Oh, yes. I'm actually going to a party this weekend.



Yor: With my partner, of course.



Yuri: Huh? You have a boyfriend?



Yor: I do, actually...



Yor: So don't worry.



Yuri: I see! That's great. It'll be a party with coworkers, right?



Yor: Yup. Camilla's throwing it.



Yuri: Ah.



Yuri: Then I'll have to ask Dominic about the guy later.



Yor: Huh?



Yuri: I mean, I know how gullible you are.



Yuri: I'll have to chase him away if he's a loser.



Yor: Huh? Um...



Yuri: I'll hold off on this promotion until I know he's a good guy.



Yor: Oh, you don't need to do tha—



Yuri: I look forward to meeting him. Goodnight.



Yor: What should I do?



Yor: I need to find someone by the time of the party.



Yor: If he finds out I'm lying, he'll think I'm a weirdo and a pathological liar,



Yor: and he'll lose even more trust in me.



Yor: I need to find someone for the sake of my little brother's promotion.



Yor: Yuri, you've got the wrong idea! I was just joking earlier—



Shopkeeper: Oh, dear. Did you buddy-buddy siblings actually have a quarrel?



Yor: Oh, Shopkeeper?



Yor: I'm sorry, I didn't realize it was you.



Shopkeeper: Good evening. I have a client for you, Thorn Princess.



Shopkeeper: The Royal Hotel.



Shopkeeper: Room .



Men in Black B: Apologies, my lady. This whole floor has been reserved.



Men in Black A: Did anyone call for this chick?



Men in Black C: Who knows?



Yor: But I've heard...



Yor: that a traitorous scumbag is staying here.



Brennan: What in the world?!



Men in Black C: It's an ambush! A lone woman—



Yor: Excuse me.



Yor: Vice Minister Brennan from the auditing department, I presume?



Yor: I am terribly sorry if I interrupted anything...



Yor: But may I have the honor of taking your life?



Narrator: Code name:  Thorn Princess.



Narrator: An assassin.



Narrator: She was taught the skills of her trade from a young age,



Narrator: and has done any dirty work her employer requested ever since.



Yor: It's not coming off.



Yor: Huh? Oh, no! What shall I do?



Yor: This is the only nice dress I own.



Yor: Now I can't go to the party.



flashback Yuri: Anyone you're interested in?



flashback Sharon: It's unheard of to be single at that age.



flashback Camilla: Make sure you bring your partner with you.



Yor: But it's hopeless.



Yor: When it comes to homemaking... Cleaning is the only thing I can do.



Anya: Scruffy Head!



Franky: I copied all the files of unmarried women from city hall.



Loid: Great, thanks.



Franky: You need one who won't care you're divorced with a kid,



Franky: is refined enough for a prestigious school,



Franky: and is willing to get married within  hours?



Franky: If a goddess like that exists, I'd sure love to meet her.



Franky: Meanwhile, I'm not picky at all, yet I can't even get a date.



Loid: How unfortunate.



Franky: Don't pity me, as*h*le!



Anya: Is having a kid bad? Am I in the way?



Loid: You're not in the way at all.



Loid: Don't worry. Just go watch some TV.



Anya: 'Kay.



Franky: Actually, why don't you just use a female agent from your work?



Loid: A lot of them got caught in the recent spy hunts, so I couldn't find a good match.



Bondman: Wake up! Hey!



Bondman: You... You won't get away with this!



Franky: Selling people out is really in right now.



Loid: We don't have enough agents, so I got another mission on top of this.



Loid: Eliminating a certain smuggling ring.



Franky: They're working you to the bone!



Franky: Let's just get this over with.



Franky: The quickest options would be women in bad circumstances who'd cooperate with you.



Franky: Finding dirt on them might help, too.



Franky: If they don't have any, we can always make some up.



Loid: I'd like to avoid anything risky.



Franky: Oh, please. She's plenty risky.



Franky: She definitely doesn't look like any princess from a rich family.



Anya: Push! Push!



Loid: You've got a point.



Loid: I need to at least do something about her appearance.



Proprietress: Now, young lady, I'm going to take your measurements. Come with me.



Anya: I'm being sold off somewhere!



Loid: You won't be if you behave.



Loid: Honestly, where does she learn to talk like that?



Loid: The seamstress... is married.



Loid: The proprietress was listed among the single women,



Loid: but she's been arrested once over political activities, so she's too dangerous.



Loid: Finding the right person might take longer than—



Yor: Pardon me.



Female Employee: Oh, I haven't seen you in a while, Yor.



Yor: Hello. I was hoping I could get my dress fixed up.



Yor: Could I get it done as quickly as possible?



Female employee: But of course. You're one of our regulars.



Loid: She managed to slip behind me so easily. Who is she?



Loid: Yor... Yor...



Loid: There we go.



Loid: Yor Briar,  years old.



Loid: She has no record of being married or divorced.



Loid: Both of her parents are deceased,



Loid: and she has one brother who's much younger than her.



Loid: They're both civil servants whose records are pretty clean.



Loid: Did I just let my guard down?



Loid: I'm far too relaxed lately.



Yor: Excuse me.



Yor: You've been staring at me ever since I walked in. May I help you?



Loid internal: Impossible! She could even sense my gaze?



Loid: Er, no, um, I'm sorry...



Loid: I was just admiring how pretty you are.



Yor: Does that mean...



Yor: You have a favorable impression of my physical appearance?



Loid: Er, well... Yes.



Camilla: You've got a nice face and body, Yor.



Camilla: You'd be a knockout if you just dressed up.



Yor: Um—



Anya: Papa!



Anya: I now know how long I am!



Anya: Who's that?



Loid: Another customer.



Yor: He has a child.



Yor: I almost pursued someone's husband.



Yor: I've heard that women have been k*lled by wives for such things.



Yor: I mean, if it happened to me,I'd just k*ll them back...



Anya: Huh?



Yor: No, I mustn't.



Yor: If I think like this, someone will eventually figure out that I'm an assassin.



Yor: I must learn to be more normal.



Anya: A-An assassin?!



Anya: A spy... An assassin...



Anya: I'm...



Anya: so excited!



Narrator: The little girl was starving for entertainment.



Loid: Hmm... I was considering her as a candidate to play my wife, but never mind.



Yor: I was considering him to act as my boyfriend at the party,



Yor: but I must avoid these so-called messy lovers' quarrels.



Anya: Ah, I am oh so lonely because I do not have a mama.



Loid: What brought this on?



Anya: I long for a mama.



Yor: Are you not with your wife?



Loid: Oh, er...



Loid: I actually lost my wife two years ago,



Loid: so I'm raising her on my own now.



Yor: So I won't be k*lled for asking him to the party!



Yor: Excuse me...



Loid: Pretend to be your boyfriend?



Yor: Yes... I fibbed to my younger brother about having a boyfriend.



Yor: If it's not too much trouble, I was hoping you'd accompany me to this party.



Yor: Um, I promise I don't have any ulterior motives!



Yor: Of course, I'll thank you properly, too.



Yor: I just want to put my brother's mind at ease.



Loid: Very well.



Loid: I accept.



Yor: Really?!



Loid: But I would like something in return.



Loid: So you see...



Loid: I'd like you to play the role of her mother during the interview.



Yor: Her mother?



Loid: With the future being so uncertain right now,



Loid: my only wish is for my daughter to get into a good school.



Loid: This was also the wish of my late wife.



Anya: Papa is a liar.



Yor: What a wonderful person.



Loid Internal: I'll have her accept something simple first,



Loid: It will only be one time. Would you be up for it?



Loid internal: but I'll get her to agree to a formal marriage in the end.



Yor: A-All right... If you think I'm fit for the role.



Loid: Thank you. Then let us reconvene at Saturday's party.



Yor: Yes.



Loid: I got a sitter for you on Saturday, so make sure you behave.



Anya: Stock up on them peanuts!



Loid: Yeah, yeah.



Cashier: Ten pents is your change, ribbit.



Cashier: Thanks, ribbit.



Anya: Ribbit?



Loid: A T... no, an F cipher.



Loid: Must be the details on the extra mission.



Loid: Retrieving art pieces that were stolen from the West and eliminating this smuggling ring.



Loid: I'm to carry out this mission Saturday at  hours when the target meets with the buyer.



Loid: Saturday?



Loid: And so...



Loid: We're going to take care of this quickly so I can make it to the party.



Loid: You're helping.



Franky: Hang on a second! I'm just an informant! My fighting skills are literal trash!



Franky: Not to mention, you already pretty much capped your tab—



Loid: We're talking  art pieces valued at a total of three million dalcs.



Loid: I'm almost certain no one would notice if one or two happened to go missing.



Franky: Leave it to me.



Franky: I just so happen to have invented some new spy gear just for days like this.



Loid: He's so useful.



Yor: Loid is awfully late.



Yor: I hope he wasn't in some terrible accident.



Lackey A: Hold it!



Lackey B: Who're you workin' for?!



Franky: You didn't tell me there'd be an army of them!



Loid: Two, four, six...  of them.



Loid: I can't afford to waste even ten seconds on each one!



Loid: Reinforcements! There's no end to them.



Franky: I got 'em all in! Get in!



Franky: Whoo!



Franky: Let's see... Which one's going to accidentally go missing?



Loid: I'm helping myself to this one.



Franky: Hey, that's a diamond! No fair taking the expensive-looking one!



Loid: I'll use it as part of this whole charade.



Franky: Shut up! Give that back!



Yor: I see.



Yor: So this is what it means to have your heart toyed with.



Yor: I must keep my work relationships favorable for my brother's sake, too.



Yor: Which means that I must attend this party.



Camilla: You're late, Yor!



Yor: I do apologize. Here's a gift.



Camilla: Oh? I thought you were coming with your boyfriend.



Yor: Unfortunately, he had something suddenly come up.



Camilla: Oh, what a shame. I was so eager to meet him!



Camilla: What a lame excuse.



Millie: How pathetic.



Sharon: I knew she was lying about having a guy.



Millie: Should we report the liar?



Camilla: We should!



Camilla: I'm positive she's a spy who's been sent in to lower our country's birth rate.



Sharon: Seriously? That's so petty.



Sharon: She's just unpopular with the guys.



Sharon: Just leave her be.



Camilla: You're meaner than both of us, Sharon.



Dominic: It's too bad your boyfriend couldn't make it. I was excited to meet him.



Millie: You're so hilarious.



Yor: D-Dominic...



Dominic: Yuri's always so worried about you.



Yor: Um, could you possibly...



Yor: just tell my brother than I came to the party with a kind gentleman?



Camilla: Yeah, not happening.



Camilla: Just how desperate are you to impress people, Yor?



Camilla: It just makes you look even more pathetic.



Dominic: Jeez, knock it off, Camilla!



Camilla: Stop talking to my man.



Camilla: I'll be sure to let your brother know that you came alone.



Yor: What could she possibly gain by doing that?



Yor: This is honestly becoming tiresome.



Yor: If all of the adults here just happened to perish,



Yor: my brother would never find out...



Dominic: I'm so sorry. Have fun!



Dominic: Come on, Camilla. Help me bake this gratin.



Female Guest A: And then that guy...



Girl: Mommy!



Sharon: My oldest here will be taking an entrance exam soon.



Sharon: At the prestigious Eden College.



Female Guest B: Wow, that's wonderful!



Male Guest A: He'll be a shoe-in with the elite.



Yor: That must be what "normal" looks like.



Yor: I'm sure that's how my brother wanted me to end up.



Camilla: Seriously? She's still here.



Millie: She's tougher than she looks.



Sharon: I'm honestly surprised she had the nerve to show up alone.



Yor: I see... I'm too out of my league here.



Yor: I do beg your pardon.



Yor: I will have to take my leav—



Loid: I'm terribly sorry for arriving late.



Loid: I'm Yor's husband, Loid Forger.



Yor: Um...



Yor: I just needed a boyfriend, not a husband.



Loid: sh*t!



Loid: I mixed up my mission with hers.



Dominic: Um... Mr. Forger, was it? You're bleeding.



Loid: Oh, pardon me.



Loid: One of my patients had a violent episode.



Loid: It happens all the time to a psychiatrist.



Loid: Have you been enjoying yourself, Yor?



Camilla: You're joking, right?



Camilla: You're married, Yor?



Camilla: Why didn't you tell us?



Yor: Um, I...



Loid: It's embarrassing to say so, but this is my second marriage and I already have a child,



Loid: so it may have been hard to bring up.



Camilla: Don't give me that sh*t!



Loid: It's my fault.



Camilla: There's absolutely no way Yor has a husband who's that handsome and hot!



Camilla: I'll embarrass her in front of everyone!



Camilla: Yor, I just got this piping hot gratin right out of the oven!



Camilla: Oops, I seemed to have tripped!



Loid: I admire your dedication to not wasting food,



Loid: but it's a bit improper to use your feet, Yor.



Yor: Oh, I'm so sorry.



Dominic: That got you?



Loid: This is quite delicious.



Yor: Indeed.



Camilla: Did you know, Mr. Ranger...



Loid: It's Forger.



Camilla: ...that she was apparently doing some questionable work before working at city hall?



Camilla: What did you do again?



Dominic: Come on, stop it!



Camilla: Men would call you to their hotel rooms so you could give them "massages"?



Camilla: Oh, you little whore.



Yor: That was...



Yor: "Massages" were a cover for occupational murders.



Yor: Um, please don't get the wrong idea, Loid. I—



Loid: How wonderful.



Yor: Huh?



Loid: Yor lost her parents at a very young age.



Loid: She did all she could to care for her younger brother,



Loid: even if it meant sacrificing herself.



Loid: Be it for someone else



Loid: or for a specific reason,having to endure a merciless job



Loid: requires an incredible amount of dedication.



Loid: And that's something to be very proud of.



Loid: Let's go home, Yor.



Yor: Er, yes... Thank you for the lovely party, everyone.



Loid: I-I'm so sorry I said I was your husband.



Yor: Oh, it's all right.



Loid: I'm not sure what to tell your brother if he hears of this.



Yor: Um, Loid... I have a suggestion.



Loid: What...



Loid: Remnants of the smuggling ring?



Loid: Hang on, Yor!



Yor: Huh?



Loid: How did they know where I was?



Loid: Did they... leave a tracking device in the art pieces?



Loid: You've definitely let your guard down, Twilight.



Yor: Who are those people?



Loid: Um, uh...



Loid: I-It appears some of my patients still haven't recovered



Loid: from their psychotic episodes.



Yor: Being a doctor must be very taxing.



Loid: She actually believed it!



Loid: In the meantime...



Loid: We're making a break for it.



Remnant A: They've abandoned the van.



Remnant B: They're probably hiding nearby. Split up and find them.



Loid: Yor, this way. Hurry!



Yor: Um... Are you sure it's all right for you to hit your patients like that?



Loid: Um, well...



Loid: The concussive recovery method is the latest in modern medical practices.



Yor: I see.



This is fiction.



Loid: I can't tell if she's actually bright or dumb.



Loid: Look out, Yor!



Loid: Another one! I can't dodge it!



Yor: Oh, no!



Yor: I'm so sorry an amateur like me helped with the recovery!



Yor: I happen to be an expert in self-defense.



Yor: My brother was kind enough to teach me...



Loid: Thank you, Yor.



Loid: That was quite impressive. Did you see how far he went?



Yor: I'm sorry. I guess I did send him flying.



Remnant G: There he is!



Loid: This way!



Remnant G: Do whatever you need to do! Make sure they're dead!



Yor: Um, Loid... This may not be the best moment to ask,



Yor: but why don't we get married?



Loid: I'm sorry?!



Yor: Er, well, it would extend our agreement...



Yor: I mean... Apparently, I'm considered suspicious just for being single,



Yor: so it'd be nice camouflage...



Yor: For me to continue my job as an assassin, too.



Yor: Um, basically,



Yor: if it's all right with you, maybe we could just stay together,



Yor: and not just for the interview...



Yor: For both our sakes.



Yor: He's probably the only person who could accept me for who I am right now.



Loid: Then let's stop by city hall on our way back to fill out the paperwork.



Yor: Huh? Right now?!



Loid: They do say no time like the present.



Loid: Oh, that's right.



Loid: Where did I drop it?



Remnant B: You b*stard!



Remnant B: We have 'em cornered!



Remnant A: Fill 'em full of lead!



Loid: Yor...



Loid: Even in sickness,



Loid: or in sadness...



Loid: No matter what hardships await us,



Loid: let us be there for one another.



Yor: All right.



Loid: Until my mission...



Yor: Until my k*lling...



Loid and Yor: ...do us part.



PREPARE FOR THE INTERVIEW