Instructor: Good morning, Master Henderson.



Henderson: Good morning, sir.



Henderson: Would you like some tea, as well?



Instructor: Yes, I'd love some.



Instructor: It's been a while since you were in charge of the grade school kids.



Instructor: How are the kids this year?



Henderson: I must say, they show promise.



Instructor: I heard you had to give one of them a Tonitrus Bolt on their first day.



Henderson: True, it was a rather rare occurrence for our prestigious Eden College.



Instructor: It's the first time I've heard of it happening, too.



Henderson: I only did what was necessary.



Henderson: Good deeds shall be praised,



Henderson: and misconduct will be met with punishment.



Henderson: That is essential to education.



Instructor: I have much to learn from you, sir.



Henderson: As the elementary students pass through the gates of Eden College



Henderson: to learn true elegance every day, our school's traditions shall live on.



Henderson: Our house of learning exists to ensure the future of our country is elegant.



Ewen: Lord Damian!



Ewen: Isn't this your older brother, Lord Damian?



Damian: Yes...



Ewen: This must be his entrance ceremony!



Ewen: He's probably elsewhere in this book, too!



Emile: Oh, there he is!



Ewen: Ooh!



Emile: There he is again!



Ewen: And here! He's truly an MVP!



Emile: Your brother is just raking in the Stellas! How magnificent!



Ewen: But I'm sure you'll become an Imperial Scholar even faster, Lord Damian!



Ewen: We all know you'll be the first to get a Stella in our grade!



Damian: W-Well, yes.



Emile: But we still have a while until our exams.



Emile: Your first opportunity will be...



Emile: Our P.E. class next week.



Emile: We'll be having a dodgeball tournament with the other classes!



Ewen: My friend told me something he heard from his friend in Class .



Ewen: He said if you become MVP, you can get a Stella!



Damian: Really?



Emile: This is your chance, Lord Damian!



Damian: MVP, eh?



Henderson: It is a clear, sunny day.



Henderson: Young ladies and gentlemen of Eden,



Henderson: you will be adding another page to Eden's history today...



Henderson: Elegantly and brilliantly.



Damian: Shut up! You picked a fight with me first!



Anya: Anya didn't do anything wrong!



Becky: Exactly! First off, you—



Damian: Shut up, uggo!



Becky: Excuse me?!



Anya: Shithead.



Damian: Shut it, Stubby Legs!



Becky: You're not supposed to talk to girls like that!



Henderson: Ele...gant.



Anya: I have returned!



Yor: Welcome home, Miss Anya.



Anya: Papa, I have acquired important news!



Loid: What?



Loid: You may be able to get a Stella at your next P.E. class?



Anya: That's what Becky said.



Becky: My friend told me something she heard from her friend in Class .



Becky: The MVP from the winning class in next week's tournament



Becky: will receive a Stella!



Loid: So it's a rumor? That seems dubious.



Yor: Then we need to train, Miss Anya!



Anya: Training!



Yor: So what sport will you be playing?



Anya: Dodgeball.



Yor: Dodgeball...



Yor: That's the game where you hit your opponent with a ball to do them in, right?



Loid: "Do them in"?



Anya: Mama! Teach me a k*ller move!



Yor: Very well! I shall teach you the ultimate k*ller move with a ball.



Loid: Are you also athletic, Yor?



Yor: Oh, not exactly.



Yor: I just used to play catch with my brother sometimes.



Yor: I can't tell them I rip people apart and toss them around on a daily basis!



Yor: Just leave this to me, Miss Anya!



Yor: I'll show you a k*ller move that will help you catch that star!



Anya: I will reach for the stars in dodgeball!



Anya: Anya will catch the star!



Yor: That's the spirit!



Loid: I'm glad she's so motivated... but...



Anya: Super Anya will catch the star!



Yor: Yes!



Yor: We'll start with strength training.



Yor: One...



Yor: Two...



Yor: Three...



Yor: Four...



Death-Defying Sit-ups



Yor: Five.



Yor: Six.



Yor: Stamina is crucial, too.



Yor: Miss Anya!



Yor: Now, listen carefully.



Yor: You're not just using your arms when you throw the ball.



Yor: You need to make sure you step out with your foot,



Yor: twist your hips as you shift your weight,



Yor: channel all of your strength into your shoulder, and... throw!



Yor: Okay! Now you give it a try!



Yor: Oh, Loid.



main: Visualizing the Game



Loid: This is training?



Loid: I don't really understand how, but I did decide to let Yor handle this.



Yor: Miss Anya, please wake up.



Yor: Hey!



Anya: Hey!



Yor: Hah!



Anya: Hah!



Yor: Hup!



Anya: Hup!



Yor: Slap!



Anya: Slap!



Yor: Fwap!



Anya: Fwap!



Yor: Chwass!



Anya: Chwass!



Anya: I'm gonna catch that star tomorrow!



Anya: I did my best. I survived Mama's ruthless training.



Anya: I even thought up a name for my k*ller shot.



Anya: I'm gonna seize that star!



Anya: I'm gonna get lots of stars...



Anya: so I can help Papa with his mission!



Emile: At least it's clear that you're motivated.



Ewen: Just make sure you don't hold Lord Damian back, Stubby Legs.



Anya: Second son... and his lackeys.



Becky: Why are we playing together with the boys?



Becky: Being on the same team with him is the worst.



Anya: Second son... The son of Papa's target for this mission.



Anya: Good things happen if I become friends with him.



Damian: Wh-What are you staring at?!



Anya: But he gets really mean, so I don't like him.



Damian: Well, I don't have any time to waste on a runt like you, either.



Anya: A runt?



Damian: I'm going to get MVP in this tournament and be rewarded a Stella.



Damian: I need to become an Imperial Scholar just like my brother.



Damian: Otherwise...



Damian: Father will never notice me.



Ewen: Hey, wait, Lord Damian!



Henderson: Gather round!



Henderson: Your usual P.E. teacher, Bobby, is out sick, so I will be his substitute.



Henderson: Do not forget to be proper young men and ladies,



Henderson: and execute the most elegant of plays.



Students: Yes, sir.



Henderson: We will now begin the dodgeball tournament between Class , Cecile Hall,



Henderson: and Class , Wald Hall.



Henderson: You may now begin!



Sign: THE GREAT DODGEBALL PLAN



Emile: Let's show them who's boss, Lord Damian.



Class  mob: You've got this, Damian!



Emile: Lord Damian!



Ewen: We gathered some intel on Class !



Damian: Good.



flashback Damian: In order to be awarded a Stella, you have to become the MVP.



flashback Damian: My enemy...



flashback Damian: is him!



Damian: In order to defeat Class  and win this match, first...



Damian: we need to defeat him!



Damian: The son of a command major, Bill Watkins.



Sign: Bill Watkins ()



Class  mob: Nice catch, Bill!



Becky: What the heck is that monster?!



Becky: There's no way he's our age!



Ewen: It's him...



Emile: Bazooka Bill!



Emile: Because of his obviously blessed physique and brains,



Emile: he won awards in all kinds of sports tournaments in kindergarten.



Emile: The Monster of Bodam!



Becky: Are there even that many tournaments in kindergarten?!



Damian: Wearing glasses right now is dangerous, old man.



Bill: I humbly thank you for your concern, Damian, son of Chairman Desmond.



Bill: But I'll be fine, because that ball won't be hitting me.



Bill: Also...



Bill: Any hits above the shoulders don't count.



Bill: Enemy positions confirmed.



Bill: Airflow, humidity... both good.



Class  mob: Gerf.



Class  mob: Gah.



Henderson: Four hits.



Class  mob: Wow! Way to go, Bill!



Emile: What?!



Ewen: Is that even possible?!



Damian: Don't panic! That was just a fluke!



Bill: Oh, that wasn't a fluke.



Bill: When I throw the ball...



Bill: Every imaginable detail has been calculated.



Bill: We're not just talking simulations. I've trained my body to its limit.



Bill: Daddy!



Bill's Father: Ah, my son, Bill.



Bill: Yes, Daddy?



Bill's Father: You will eventually be the hero of Eden, as well as our army.



Bill's Father: Make sure you seize those Stellas with your own hands.



Bill's Father: For the future of Ostania!



Bill: Sir, yes, sir!



Bill: Yes... my victory is predetermined.



Becky: Um, hello?! We'll die if that actually hits us!



Bill: Don't worry. I'll hold back on you women.



Becky: Actually, that also pisses me off.



Becky: Gurk!



Henderson: Hit.



Damian: That's some mouth you've got on you.



Damian: Do you really think we went into this without a plan, you giant oaf?



Damian: You can't win...



Damian: at dodgeball all by yourself!



Emile: Ow!



Emile: You're gonna be the MVP! I just know it!



Damian: I'm gonna be the MVP!



Damian: Let's do this! Formation G!



Emile and Ewen: Right!



Henderson: Four hits.



Damian: I'm not done yet!



Emile: Ultimate...



Ewen: ...Shadow...



Damian: ...Clone...



Damian; Emile; Ewen: ...Attack!



Bill: Shadow clone, eh?



Bill: Now, this is what you call...



Bill: a real shadow clone attack!



Emile: Lord Damian...



Emile: It was an honor to fight by your side.



Ewen: Emile!



Emile: I know all kinds of great things about you, Lord Damian.



Emile: Though I can't remember a single one right now, I'm sure there was something.



Emile: Please win, Lord Damian!



Emile: Because you'll always be...



Emile: a true MVP in our hearts!



Ewen: The forbidden... face block!



Ewen: Emile!



Ewen: Emile! Hey! Speak to me!



Emile: Ewen... you dummy. Don't cry.



Ewen: I'm not crying!



Emile: It's not the end yet...



Emile: So don't give up hope.



Ewen: Yeah. I know. I know!



Ewen: Once we give up, it's game over—



Damian: Damn it! At this rate, we're gonna lose.



Damian: I need to find his weakness!



Damian: I don't care if the others go down.



Damian: I need to somehow survive and stand out!



Anya: Second son is a real shithead.



Bill: Next up...



Bill: we have that little runt over there.



Bill: I'm going to aim for... her feet!



Bill: Wha—



Damian: Hey! He missed! Nice!



Out of Bounds Class  Student A: Let's get the ball going!



Bill: She just...



Bill: jumped before I threw the ball!



Out of bounds class  student B: Take this!



Bill: In that case...



Bill: I'll aim for her right arm!



Bill: Okay, her left!



Bill: I guess I'll just have to use my secret weapon!



Bill: This throw will suddenly change its course and nail any opponent scampering about!



Bill: Take this!



Bill: Homing Slider Shot!



Becky: What was that about holding back on women?!



Class  student: Blorf!



Class  student: Blorf!



Henderson: Hit.



Bill: That's impossible! She's reading my every attack!



Bill: Who in the world is that girl?!



Damian: Hey, not bad...



Anya: Heh.



Henderson: "Dodgeball," of course, stems from "dodge,"



Henderson: meaning to swiftly move out of the way.



Henderson: Such elegant evasion!



Becky: Anya! Look out for the guys out of bounds!



Damian: You dummy! Get up, quick!



Bill: You were impressive, but even you can't dodge from that position!



Bill: Die!



Damian: The b*stard just threw that ball with everything he has!



Damian: It's unfortunate... But in the end, this is her own fault.



Damian: Don't worry. I shall survive and lead Class  to victory.



Henderson: Hit.



Ewen: Wh-What are you doing, Lord Damian?!



Damian: Oh, no! My chance at MVP!



Anya: You protected me?



Damian: Huh?



Anya: Are you a good guy?



Damian: N-N-No!



Damian: I was just frustrated that he was taking out our team left and right,



Damian: so I tried to catch it...



Damian: Damn it all!



Damian: You're the only one left. It's in your hands now.



Anya: The future is in Anya's hands.



Anya: Now is the time to unleash my k*ller shot!



Yor: Miss Anya, this is my final lesson for you.



Yor: The key to throwing a ball well is to put your whole body into the throw.



Yor: Think of this ball as an arrow of light!



Anya: I won't let your death go to waste, second son.



Damian: I'm not dead!



Anya: I will avenge you!



Damian: That power she had when she knocked me out...



Damian: She might just be able to...



Becky: I have no idea what's going on, but this is intense.



Becky: Could it be...



Anya: The most important thing is shifting my weight.



Anya: The power in my stepand the twisting of my hips



Anya: need to go to my widdle hands...



Anya: And then my widdle hands... um... um...



Anya: Anyway!



Anya: k*ller Shot!



Anya: Star Catch Arrow!



Bill: Huh? What?



Bill: Huh?!



Henderson: That's game.



Becky: Huh?



Class  students: Yay! We won!



Damian; Ewen; Emile: Huh?



Class  students: Now you're definitely getting that Stella, Bill!



Henderson: Hm? Stella?



Henderson: There are no Stella awarded for winning a mere mini-game in a single class.



Henderson: Who in the world suggested otherwise?



Henderson: On the other hand, you had the nerve to yell something as vile as "die" during the match,



Henderson: so I have no issue with giving you a Tonitrus Bolt instead.



Class  students: Don't worry, Bill! We'll just try harder next time!



Class  students: We'll have another chance.



Henderson: But to think...



Henderson: Two students who were at odds with each other worked together to take on this challenge.



Becky: Too bad, Anya. But you did great!



Henderson: This shows that you are worthy of a Stella, young ladies and gentlemen.



Becky: Cheer up!



Damian: You can't be serious, you moron! What was that crappy throw?!



Damian: I shouldn't have defended you!



Anya: Shock!



Becky: What's your problem? It's not like you hit anyone!



Anya: Anya doesn't like you after all.



Damian: What did you say, Stubby Legs?!



Becky: You're not supposed to say stuff like that to girls!



Henderson: Or perhaps not.



Anya: You really are a shithead.



Damian: Huh?! Say that again!



Anya: Everything Mama teaches me is useless.



Emile and Ewen: Yeah!



sign: "STELLA"