Loid: The time has come.



Loid: Let us check our personal effects.



Yor: All clear, sir.



Loid: And now, our appearances.



Yor: All clear, sir.



Loid: And a final check of our verbal etiquette.



Anya: All set, please. Will do my best, please.



Loid: I feel nothing but anxiety about this,



Loid: but we've done everything we could.



Loid: Now, onward...



THE PRESTIGIOUS SCHOOL'S INTERVIEW



Loid: To Eden College's interview!



Yor: It's so big!



Loid: Well, it is one of this country's top schools.



Yor: And there are so many examinees...



Loid: They're all our rivals.



Loid: Anya, are you going to be okay in this crowd?



Anya: I'll be okay, please.



Loid: Let us go, then.



Loid: This feeling...



Loid: There's no doubt about it.



Loid: I've experienced this many times.



Loid: Someone is watching us. Could it be...



Loid: Is there an enemy hidden in this crowd?



Anya: An enemy?



Yor: I feel someone's gaze...



Loid: No, that's not it.



Loid: I'm not the only one being watched.



Loid: It's always an unpleasant feeling to be observed like this.



Loid: There.



Loid: Four in the overhead passage.



Loid: Four in the bell tower.



Loid: More in the buildings to the left and right.



Loid: I have information on most of the staff at this school.



Loid: Those... are the instructors.



Loid: They're observing every action that everyone is taking and scoring them



Loid: to see if they're worthy of this school.



Loid: Which means... the exam has already begun.



Loid: I need you two to be on your guard.



Loid: We're being watched by the examiners.



Yor: Huh?



Loid: We'll do this just as we practiced.



Instructor A: D-, fail.



Instructor B: A-, fail.



Instructor D: G-, pass.



Henderson: I must say, the examinees this year lack refinement.



Henderson: They all lack true elegance.



Teachers: Good morning, Housemaster.



Eden College<Housemaster>



Henderson: It displeases me to know their crude feet



Henderson: are trudging upon the blessed ground of our school.



Henderson: Elegance creates tradition.



Henderson: Elegance is what truly makes this world a paradise.



Henderson: Fail any family lacking elegance immediately.



Instructor B: Yes, sir.



Henderson: Hm?



Henderson: Oho...



Henderson: It appears that not all hope has been lost.



Henderson: They are paying their respects to the statue of our founder?!



Loid: I, Twilight, am a man of a thousand faces.



Loid: Becoming exactly the person my target wants me to be is mere child's play.



Loid: Behold!



Yor: I haven't the slightest clue as to who this gentleman is,



Yor: but everything should be fine as long as I do what Loid is doing.



Anya: Baldy head!



Henderson: S-So elegant!



Henderson: How very elegant!



Henderson: Who is that family?



Instructor D: K-. They are the Forgers, sir.



Instructor D: Their daughter Anya just barely passed the written exam with a score of .



Henderson: Absolutely not elegant! And such awful penmanship!



Henderson: So the father has remarried?



Instructor B: Might they be an impromptu family for admission purposes?



Henderson: I am not certain. We must investigate.



Henderson: We must ascertain whether or not they have true elegance.



Instructor E: We'll confirm your admission numbers here.



Instructor F: G-. Please go to Hall .



Instructor F: Ah, A-. Please enter Hall .



Loid: I see they're wasting no time with the screening.



Instructor F: K-. Please head to Hall .



Loid: We're still being observed. Don't let your guard down.



Yor: It's so nerve-racking being watched like this...



Anya: I need to pick my nose.



Loid: Absolutely not.



Boy: Oh, no!



Boy: I've accidentally fallen into the gutter, and I can't get out!



Loid: Uh... That's too blatant if they're trying to test us.



Boy: Oh, no. Whatever shall I do?



Loid: Perhaps they're thinking he might be a threat,



Boy: Ah, I don't know what I should do.



Loid: but no one is trying to go near him.



Boy: Who knew there'd be a gutter here?



Loid: But if he is part of the test, we must deal with this accordingly.



Boy: I'm so shocked. I'm really stuck.



Anya: Papa! Mama! There is someone who needs our help, please!



Anya: Let us save him!



Loid: Are you all right, lad?



Boy: Oh, no! I've slipped and I cannot get up!



Boy Internal: This is all for merits... More merits!



Henderson: Precisely.



Henderson: You're heading to an interview. You wouldn't dare sully your clothes with sewage.



Henderson: Now, how will you elegantly get through—



Loid: Are you hurt?



Anya: Use my hanky, please.



Loid: Make sure you go to the infirmary, just in case.



Henderson: Clearly, I expected too much.



Henderson: In the end, they were just some commoners from the countryside.



Henderson: Do not think for a second that you can



Henderson: set foot in our house of learning wearing soiled clothes.



Henderson: Throw K- out immediately.



Boy: Oh, no... These people are going to fail because of me.



Boy: Um, I'm so sorr—



Yor: Thank goodness we anticipated this,



Yor: and prepared a change of clothes just in case!



Henderson: Who in the world would ever anticipate that?!



Yor: Besides, your grey suit seems to fit the attire at this school more.



Loid: If I had continued wearing my previous suit,



Loid: we would've been mistaken for commoners from the countryside.



Loid: Thank you for giving us the opportunity to change, lad.



Henderson: On top of everything else, they even thanked the boy!



Henderson: Brilliant... So smart, and elegant!



Henderson: Curse you and your cunning, Loid Forger.



Instructor B: Housemaster, we are supposed to be testing the child.



Henderson: Silence!



Henderson: Children learn from their parents' example!



Henderson: Yes. The parents of a child who scores  points must also be only worth  points!



Henderson: I'll make you reveal your true identity yet!



Man: Oh, no!



Man: The animals have escaped the farmhouse!



Loid: You're really going this far, Eden College?!



Mob : Hey, don't push me!



Mob : Just go, you moron!



Mob : Mommy! Mommy, Mommy!



Mob : Shut up!



Loid: Are they trying to see if we reveal our true selves in an emergency?



Loid: We'll be playing right into the examiners' hands if we panic.



Loid: Do not break Formation D.



Loid: We will show these animals nothing but benevolence!



Henderson: Hey.



Henderson: Who told you to go that far?



Instructor D: Wait...



Instructor D: It wasn't you, Housemaster?



Henderson: Impossible! Is this...



Henderson: an actual accident?!



Henderson: There are some very important people among the examinees!



Henderson: Go stop this mess before they're hurt!



Vice Minister: I'm the Vice Minister of the Ministry of Finance!



Banker: Hell if I care! I'm the CEO of the Central Bank!



Child A: Wait! Father!



Vice Minister: Well done, you!



Loid: Are you all right?



Yor: Loid!



Yor: It's happening to Miss Anya again.



Loid: The mass panic must've hit her.



Loid: The test is the last thing I need to worry about now.



Loid: That must be the leader of this herd.



Loid: That's the one I need to s but I'll have to use my g*n—



Loid: No...



Yor: Please look after Miss Anya for a moment.



Loid: Yor?



Yor: I-It's not what you think!



Yor: I once learned about pressure points that can stop one's movements in a yoga class!



Yor: I-I figured they might work on cows, too!



Yor: Please don't look at me like that!



Anya: Ms. Cow?



Anya: Is she scared?



Loid: That's dangerous, Anya!



Anya: S'okay, please. Don't be scared.



Loid: What are you—



Anya: They're gonna go home now.



Loid: Apparently so.



Loid: Thankfully, no one was hurt.



Henderson: E-Ele...



Henderson: Ele-le... Ele-le-le-le...



Henderson: Elegance!



Instructor B: Housemaster?



Henderson: Forger!



Loid: He's...



Loid: one of the housemasters.



Loid: Is he in charge of this exam?



Henderson: Y-You helped us avoid a crisis. I thank you.



Henderson: And... you have bested me for today.



Henderson: To give us all time to collect ourselves after this chaos,



Henderson: we will be delaying the start of the interviews.



Henderson: Return to your hall once you've had a moment to tidy yourselves.



Henderson: Your family has the right to apply to our school.



Loid: Sir...



Loid: It looks like we've avoided failure.



Loid: I humbly thank you for your generosity.



Loid: But have no fear.



Loid: We anticipated something like this...



Loid: and prepared another change of clothes.



Henderson: This isn't about elegance anymore! These people are just scary!



Narrator: The Forgers successfully make it to the actual interview.



Swan: You truly thought you could apply to our school without even knowing that?



Child B: Huh?



Swan: Well? Cat got your tongue?



Child B: Huh?



Child B: Um, uh...



Father D: Thank you very much.



Father D: What kind of answer was that?!



Loid: I've been a spy for over a decade,



Loid: and for the first time...



Loid: I'm actually nervous.



Loid: Even when I infiltrated the ranks of an evil t*rror1st group,



Loid: or when I managed to stop the launch of a m*ssile with one second remaining...



Loid: I never found it so hard to breathe as I do right now.



Loid: The fear of letting someone else decide my success or failure...



Instructor G: Next, the Forgers.



Anya: Yep!



Loid and Yor: Yes, sir.



Loid: Yes, this is definitely going to be...



Loid: the most crucial moment of Operation Strix!



Evans: Please, have a seat.



Loid: Thank you for having us.



Henderson: So you've come, Forgers.



Loid: The Forgers shall prevail in this game of information warfare.



Evans: First, we will begin by asking the parents a few questions.



Walter Evans Housemaster of Dorm Subject Taught:  English Personality:  Mild-mannered • Sincere • Conservative



Loid: The housemaster of Dorm , Malcom Hall.



Loid: Mild-mannered, sincere, and conservative.



Loid: The students are very fond of him.



Loid: As long as we respond with sincere, logical answers,



Loid: we'll score highly with him.



Evans: I was informed that this is your second wife. May I ask how you two met?



Loid: I see we're getting straight to the point.



Loid: Eden College does prioritize family values, after all.



Loid: I met my wife at the tailor shop that handles this school's uniforms,



Loid: and I was in awe of her grace.



Loid: Ever since I lost my first wife,



Loid: I was hesitant to pursue another relationship because of my daughter.



Loid: But the more we spoke, the more I felt that she was a kindred spirit.



Loid: She is truly kind and cares dearly about family.



Loid: I came to the conclusion that she'd get along well with my daughter.



Evans: Ah... And what about you, Madam?



Yor: Well...



Yor: L-Loid is a wonderful person who truly cares for his daughter.



Yor: He's also very considerate of me.



Evans: Ah, I'm happy to hear that you have such a loving family.



Swan: Why would a beautiful girl like you choose to be with a man who's got baggage?



Henderson: That was rather uncouth, Master Swan.



Murdoch Swan Housemaster of Dorm  <Cline Hall> Subject Taught:  Economics Personality:  Arrogant • Greedy • Callous



Loid: The housemaster of Dorm , Cline Hall.



Loid: He's the only son of the former headmaster, and a legacy hire.



Loid: Arrogant, greedy, and callous.



Loid: His wife filed for divorce last month,



Loid: and he just lost custody of his daughter, as well.



Loid: Reviewing all of his previous interview questions and comments,



Loid: he is clearly jealous of other families, and takes out his frustrations on them.



Loid: It's best that we avoid provoking him.



Evans: Now for our next question.



Evans: Could you tell us why you chose to apply to our school?



Loid: For only one reason, sir.



Loid Internal: To get close to my target, Desmond!



Loid: The quality of the instructors at this establishment is superior.



Loid: Of course, you are all very knowledgeable and cultured,



Loid: but when it comes to teaching anything, from patriotism to how to be an elite,



Loid: the instructors of the prestigious Eden College



Loid: are second to none.



Henry Henderson Housemaster of Dorm  <Cecil Hall> Subject Taught:  History Personality:  Elegant



Henderson: Elegantly done, Loid Forger.



Henderson: I knew I saw potential in you.



Evans: Now then, how would the two of you describe your daughter?



Evans: Please let us know about her strengths and weaknesses.



Loid: Anya is an extremely curious child.



Loid: Her habit of sticking her nose where it doesn't belong could be seen as a weakness,



Loid: but she is a truly intelligent child.



Henderson: Intelligent?! Her?!



Anya: Shock!



Loid: Sometimes, it's like she sees right through me,



Anya: Yikes...



Loid: which keeps me on my feet.



Loid: I would say her main shortcoming is that she's a picky eater.



Evan: Ah...  And how would you describe your parenting style, Madam?



Yor: Just like we practiced...



Yor: As you already know, I am not her biological mother.



Yor: At first, I spoiled her quite often in hopes that she would like me.



Yor: But for the sake of her future, I'm hoping I can become a bit stricter at times.



Evans: We've been told that your daughter is a picky eater.



Evans: What kind of meals do you cook at home?



Yor: Huh? C-Cook?



Yor: Um...



Loid: I actually do most of the cooking.



Loid: Though when I'm busy, my wife is kind enough to cook for me.



Loid: Not that that's happened even once yet.



Swan: You're joking! What kind of wife can't cook for her husband?!



Swan: You should probably be stricter with yourself before you worry about that child.



Loid: Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.



Loid: She is extremely tidy and excels at keeping our house spotless.



Loid: She is also an excellent mother to my daughter.



Swan: Yes, well, both of those are things women are expected to do.



Loid: That's—



Yor: I-It's all right, Loid.



Evans: Now, now...



Loid: Yes. Calm down.



Loid: Why are you getting irritated, Twilight?



Loid: She's not even your real wife.



Swan: A lovey-dovey hot couple? You make me sick.



Swan: I'll keep jabbing at you until you slip up.



Swan: If I can't make sure these two fail, there's clearly no justice in this world.



Anya: He doesn't like Papa and Mama!



Anya: I need to do my best!



Evans: N-Next, let's ask the young lady some questions.



Loid: Here it comes.



Evans: First, could you tell us your name and address?



Anya: My name is Anya Holger!



Anya: My address is in... Berlint, West District...



Anya:  Park... Avenue!



Evans: And what do you do on your days off, young lady?



Anya: We go to moozeums...



Anya: and eat operas...



Loid: Good. These were questions we anticipated.



Evans: What would you like to do once you get into this school?



Anya: Um, uh...



Anya: What was I supposed to say?



Loid: In my case, I first need to participate in a social gathering,



Loid: and get to the bottom of what the boss of the enemy organization, Desmond, is planning.



Anya: I-I want to find out what the boss of the organization is planning!



Loid: What in the world are you saying?! Hello?!



Evans: The boss of the organization? Maybe you meant the headmaster.



Loid: I do apologize. My daughter is rather ambitious.



Loid: She's extremely curious about the headmaster, since he's clearly made it to the top.



Henderson: Oho...



Henderson: The desire to learn from her predecessors at such an early age...



Henderson: That's quite elegant.



Henderson: Do you happen to know the name of the principal, young lady?



Anya: Um, B-Be...



Loid: Yes. Benedict Ivan Goodfellow.



Anya: Mr. Benedick Advent Goodheller.



Henderson: Hmm... Then,



Henderson: could you tell us how hard you would have to work in order to succeed like him?



Anya: Yes. Like getting through the jungle with no supplies,



Anya: and dancing with death over and over to get brave!



Loid: That was the training montage the protagonist of her spy cartoon did yesterday.



Henderson: S-Such incredible resolve!



Henderson: It appears as though I have underestimated this young lady.



Evans: I don't think you have to do quite that much.



Evans: Let's change the subject. What does your father do for a living?



Anya: He's a sp—a speshulist in mental health. A very good one.



Evans: Hm? Are you a little stuffed up?



Evans: Then how do you feel about your new mother?



Anya: She is very nice.



Anya: But she's scary sometimes.



Evans: If you were to give your parents a score, what might that be?



Anya: A perfect  points.



Anya: My Papa and Mama are both so much fun, and I love them very much.



Anya: I want to be with them forever.



Swan: Tch. God, no one needs this rubbish.



Swan: In that case, would you score your old mother or your new mother higher?



Evans: Come now, Master Swan...



Swan: Is there a problem?



Loid: May I respectfully request a different question?



Swan: Absolutely not. If you do not answer, you will lose points.



Loid: I don't know exactly how she ended up in that orphanage,



Loid: but her actual parents are probably already...



Anya: Ma...ma...



Loid: Anya...



Anya: Mama...



Swan: I see, I see.



Swan: So you do prefer your old mother.



Yor: This is too cruel!



Loid: Please calm down, Yor.



Yor: But this is just—



Loid: We need to remain calm for the sake of this mission.



Swan: We have plenty of students here who live away from their parents in our dorms.



Swan: If she's going to cry over every little trifling thing,



Swan: she'll never survive at our establishment!



Loid: So what if he's being slanderous?



Loid: We are nothing more than a pretend family.



Yor: Trifling? You call this trifling?



Loid: This is nothing.



Swan: Now, now, Mrs. Second Wife.



Swan: Don't snap at me just because she loves her real mother more.



Swan: Oh, I feel so much better.



Loid: Restrain yourself...



Loid: Twilight!



Loid: I do beg your pardon.



Loid: There was a mosquito.



Loid: Thank you very much for your time today.



Swan: Hey, where are you going?!



Swan: The interview's not over yet!



Loid: If making light of a child's feelings is part of your establishment's educational policies,



Loid: then I'm afraid we have chosen the wrong school.



Swan: You fiend! You dare disgrace our fine school?!



Loid: Come now, you two.



Loid: Please excuse us.



Swan: Don't think you'll ever walk through our gates again!



Henderson: That's quite enough, Master Swan.



Swan: Are you taking issue with my methods?



Swan: He may be the former headmaster,



Evans: Now, now...



Swan: but my father's influence within this school is still strong.



Swan: It'd be wise for you to watch that mouth of yours.



Swan: Hey! Hurry up and call the next one in!



Loid: ...the instructors of the prestigious Eden College



flashback Loid: are second to none.



Henderson: If all I can do is curry favor with the authorities,



Henderson: I have no right to call myself an educator.



Henderson: I must ask, who truly disgraced our school?



Swan: Huh?!



Evans: Wha—



Henderson: Hmm...



Henderson: That was rather elegant, if I do say so myself.



Henderson: Now, will you be able to face the instructors at Eden head-on,



Henderson: Forgers?



Loid: Yeah... We definitely failed.



Yor: I-I'll go make us some tea.



Loid: I've failed yet again as a spy.



Loid: I let unnecessary feelings get in the way of the mission.



Anya: Papa...



Anya: I'm sorry.



Anya: I'm so sorry that I couldn't do better



Anya: on my tests.



Loid: It's all right, Anya. You have no reason to apologize.



Loid: You don't want to go to a school like that, do you?



Anya: But I want to go to school...



Loid: Huh?



Anya Internal: If this mission fails...



Anya: I have to go to school or...



Anya Internal: ...we won't be together anymore.



Loid: Anya...



Yor: If she fails, of course, our life here together will be...



Yor: But that doesn't matter.



Yor: I'm just worried how this may affect my work.



Loid: Hmm... But to be honest,



Loid: Hell will freeze over before you pass.



Anya: Shock!



Yor: I-I'm sure everything will be okay!



Yor: It'll all work out!



Anya: The grandpa with the glasses and the grandpa with the half-glasses



Anya: were really nice!



Yor: Yes, exactly!



Yor: I'm sure they'll vouch for us! Let's believe in them.



Loid: Spies don't believe in anyone other than themselves.



Loid: They always expect the worst-case scenarios and prepare for them.



Anya: I want to be with them forever.



Loid: But... Maybe just a little bit...



Loid: Yes. Let's leave the result to fate,



Loid: and try to recover from how exhausting that exam was.



Loid: Right now, just for a little bit...



Loid: To our family's bright future!



Anya: Something just fell!



Yor: Our family portrait fell to the floor.



Loid: It just fell...



Narrator: What will become



Narrator: of their mission?



WILL THEY PASS OR FAIL