Exclusive Seller of Eden Academy Uniforms



Proprietress: And... ..



Anya: I'm two millimeters bigger than last time!



Loid: I'm sure it's just an error.



Proprietress: You never know. Kids grow up so quickly.



Yor: Indeed.



Loid: Well, with that in mind, we should probably have your uniform made a little bigger.



Proprietress: But it was quite a shock to hear that you were suddenly married, Yor.



Proprietress: You should have told me the last time you were here!



Yor: I'm, er, sorry about the other day.



Proprietress: And to think that your lovely daughter is going to the prestigious Eden College.



Proprietress: Congratulations.



Anya: Fank you very much.



Proprietress: Are you an Eden College alum?



Loid: Oh, no. I went to an insignificant little school out in the country.



Proprietress: Oh, then do be careful.



Proprietress: There's something of a wall between parents who are Eden alumni and those who aren't.



Proprietress: Apparently this causes discrimination and bullying among the children, too.



Proprietress: Oh, and hazing from the honor students,



Proprietress: and conflict between the dorm kids and commuters.



Proprietress: Speaking of, I hear that kidnappings of commuter kids are on the rise.



Proprietress: It's not surprising, considering most of the kids who can attend Eden are rich.



Anya: I don't wanna go to school anymore.



Proprietress: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.



Proprietress: Don't worry. There are plenty of fun things about it, too.



Proprietress: Okay, all done with your measurements.



Proprietress: Let's see, you'll be getting one uniform,



Proprietress: plus a winter coat, a vest, and a sweater, for three additional items.



Proprietress: You're a regular here, so I'll get those done immediately.



Proprietress: Oh, you'll be able to get everything else you need from the shop on the corner.



Loid: This is going to cost more than I thought.



Loid: What's the matter?



Anya: I am in fear that I will be kidnapped.



Loid: Oh, I see. You sure didn't waste any time.



Loid: Yor, is it all right if we eat out today?



Yor: Yes, of course.



Anya: Are there any kidnappers at the restaurant?



Waiter: Here's our special for the day.



Waiter: Pork sauté in pawpaw sauce with porcini mushrooms and potato potage.



Anya: Po?



Loid: Looks delicious.



Loid: Must be cipher P.



Loid: Ah, a notice about my briefing.



Loid: It'll be in five days at  hours at safe house D.



Loid: Understood.



Loid: But I really need to ask them to stop using this notification method.



Loid: There's something unpleasant about it.



 Days Later



Loid: Hello?



Loid: Oh, yes, hi.



Loid: What? It's done already?



Loid: All right. We'll come pick up the order today.



Loid: Thank you.



Anya: Is the uniform done?



Loid: Sounds like it.



Loid: But I have my briefing today.



Loid: I'm sorry to trouble you, Yor,



Loid: but could you go pick it up with Anya for me?



Loid: I got called into work.



Yor: Of course. You can count on me.



Loid: I might not get home until late, so you can go ahead and get delivery for dinner.



Yor: All right.



Anya: Have a knees day.



WISE HandlerSylvia Sherwood Alias:  Handler



Handler: Good day... or perhaps good evening, Agent Twilight.



Loid: Hello, Handler. What's this about?



Handler: Before we get into that...



Handler: What in the world were all those expenses the other day?!



Handler: A castle rental fee, and rental fees for furniture to go in said castle?!



Handler: You think we're made of money?!



Loid: Oh, here's a couple more bills, actually.



Loid: Going to school is apparently very expensive.



Handler: I have to admire the ba*ls it takes to just casually hand me more bills.



Loid: Well, they're all necessary expenses.



Handler: Very well. Anyway...



Handler: I'm here today to brief you on phase  of Operation Strix.



Handler: Though you're usually on the ball, so that may not be necessary.



Loid: Well... I may actually be off my game lately.



Handler: Phase  requires a social gathering.



Handler: Before we get into the details, let's review how Eden works.



Handler: Eden College.



Handler: There are around , students



Handler: ranging from the ages of six to nineteen, and the curriculum covers all thirteen years.



Handler: Academics, sports, the arts...



Handler: They offer a top-class education in every field.



Handler: The students who manage to shine brighter than their fellow elites



Handler: are the honor students known as the Imperial Scholars.



Handler: The social gathering that Desmond attends



Handler: is only open to those Imperial Scholars and their parents.



Handler: In order to become an Imperial Scholar,



Handler: a student must earn eight merits known as "Stella."



Handler: Stella Stars are awarded for exceptional grades and contributions to society.



Handler: Which means, first, you need to raise your daughter into an honor student.



Handler: You may use underhanded means if necessary.



Handler: On the other hand,



Handler: poor grades and bad behavior will result in demerits called Tonitrus Bolts.



Handler: When a student receives eight of those, they will be immediately expelled,



Handler: so be aware of that.



Handler: Now, let's work out the finer details.



Loid: Turning that child into a honor student...



Loid: Hello, anxiety, my old friend.



Anya: Do I look cute in my uniform?



Yor: Oh, you look absolutely adorable!



Yor: Let's go to the portrait studio later!



Anya: Ta-da!



Anya: Do I look cute?



Yor: Oh, you look absolutely adorable!



Proprietress: Could you leave already? How many times are you gonna say that?



Anya: I wanna go on an ooting in this!



Yor: Yes, let's do that!



Proprietress: Thanks much.



Anya: Doot, do! Doot, do! Doot, do!



Yor: Why don't we stop by the park?



Anya: This is my uniform. Ta-da!



Anya: I am wearing my uniform. Ta-da!



Mother A: My, your daughter's adorable.



Mother B: She goes to Eden? I'm so jealous.



Yor: Oh... Hello.



Mother B's child: Mom, I'm hungry.



Mother A: And what would you like for dinner?



Mother A's child: Hamburg steak!



Swan: So you do prefer your old mother.



Anya: I want to be with them forever.



Yor: I know that we're just a pretend family.



Yor: But...



Yor: Maybe I could be more of a mother to her.



Anya: Mama!



Anya: I just showed everyone how cute I am!



Yor: Make sure you don't dirty your uniform before you go to school.



Yor: Say, Miss Anya. Why don't we stop by the supermarket on our way home?



Yor: Loid said he was going to be home late, so I'll make dinner tonight.



Anya: Ooh!



Anya: Can you cook, Mama?



Yor: Yes. I will do my very best.



Thug A: Hey, is that kid from Eden?



Thug B: Huh?



Thug A: Is the chick next to her the mom?



Thug B: She's gotta be the hired help.



Thug B: No rich person's gonna go shopping themselves.



Thug A: You know, I think I want an allowance.



Thug B: Me, too.



Yor: I'm sure I'll be able to make something if I have some meat and vegetables.



Yor: I'm not sure what any of these are,so I'll just buy all of them.



Anya: Ta-da!



Anya: I'm going outside now. I'm bored.



Yor: Oh, don't wander off too far!



Thug A: Hello there, little lady.



Thug B: Be a good girl for just a little bit.



Thug B: Once your maid pays up, we'll let you go.



Anya: Bad guys!



Proprietress: Eden has bullying and kidnappings...



Anya: She was right!



Thug C: I heard you can even sell their uniforms for a sweet price.



Thug B: Excellent. In that case, little lady, let's take your—



Yor: What do you think you're doing?



Thug A: Uh-oh! Looks like we're gonna have to tack on some medical bills, too.



Thug A: Let's see your wallet, Miss Hired Help.



Yor: I'm afraid I used up all of my cash, so I have none left.



Yor: So I must ask you to leave.



Thug A: I see. Then I guess we're just gonna have to strip the little lady.



Thug A: You're gonna be fired anyway,



Thug A: so go back to the countryside, you shitty little maid!



Thug A: Sh-She destroyed that pumpkin with her bare hand?!



Yor: I am that girl's mother!



Yor: If you do not want to end up like that vegetable, leave at once!



Anya: Mama...



Yor: Are you all right?



Yor: I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have let you out of my sight.



Yor: There, there...



Yor: And I've ruined all of the ingredients...



Yor: I'm such a failure as a mother.



Anya: But I love that my Mama is so strong and cool.



Anya: There, there.



Anya: k*ller punch, kapow!



Yor: I-I'm so embarrassed!



Anya: Mama!



Anya: Train me, please!



Yor: T-Train you?



Anya: I know it's really dangerous to be an Eden student now.



Anya: But it won't be as scary if I train!



Anya: I can do my best at school without dying!



Anya: I wanna be like you, Mama!



Yor: Even if I can't be like a normal mother,



Yor: I'm going to do everything I can for her.



Yor: All right. Let's go straight home and start your training.



Anya: Training!



Loid: I'm home...



Yor: Hah! Hah!



Loid: What are you doing?



Yor: Preparing her to go to school!



Anya: Hah!



Yor: Hah!



Loid: Yeah... I'm filled with nothing but anxiety.



Anya: Hah!



Yor: Hah!



Anya: Hah!



Headmaster: You are truly the chosen.



Headmaster: Due to your hard work, or perhaps your parents,



Headmaster: you have made it to the hallowed halls of Eden.



Headmaster: To our honorable new  students...



Headmaster: Congratulations, and welcome to our school.



Headmaster: Everyone here at Eden welcomes you from the bottom of our hearts.



Loid: We finally made it this far...



Anya: Papa, a lot of people are wearing the same thing I am.



Loid: Yes. That's what a uniform is.



Loid: I still have a mountain of problems to tackle, but...



Handler: Listen up, Twilight.



Handler: There are requirements to attend Desmond's social gathering.



Handler: The student must be an Imperial Scholar.



Handler: And for that to happen, they must receive plenty of merits.



Handler: Do not forget that the future of the East and West depends on this mission.



Loid: Turning this child into an elite...



Loid: I've mostly given up on that task.



Anya: Shock!



Loid: This school is already filled with the best of the best.



Loid: It'll be difficult to maintain a top position.



Loid: More importantly...



Instructor: Next, we will announce the houses and their housemasters.



Instructor: Please come forward when your name is called.



Instructor: Class one:  Specter Hall.



Instructor: William Howard.



Instructor: Theodore Russell.



Instructor: Grace Fein.



Instructor: Jessica Clark.



Instructor: Next, we have class two:  Cline Hall.



Anya: I wonder what class I'm gonna be in.



Loid: Who knows?



Instructor: Lucy Garrett.



Loid: Actually... I do.



Loid: Because I changed parts of the lineups to help with my mission.



Instructor: Class three:  Cecile Hall.



Instructor: Alice Paulette.



Loid: To ensure that Anya...



Instructor: Edward Perkshire.



Instructor: Damian Desmond.



Loid: would be in the same class as him.



Loid: The second son of my target, Donovan Desmond...



Loid: Damian.



Damian: That's Lord Damian to you.



Loid: He got into Eden just like his older brother.



Loid: I've had my eye on him ever since I saw his name on the list of students applying.



Instructor: Jesse Capel.



Loid: If plan A to get Anya to become an Imperial Scholar proves too difficult,



Loid: we'll go to plan B.



Loid: I call it... the Friendship Scheme.



THE FRIENDSHIP SCHEME



Loid: Step one:  be in the same class as him and become friends.



Loid: Step two:  be invited to his house and bring me along.



Come over!



Loid: Step three:  direct contact with the target!



Welcome



Thank you



Loid: I'm sure it won't actually go that easily,



Loid: but the more insurance we have, the better.



Instructor: Anya Forger.



Loid: Go ahead.



Loid: Anya must have grown up around kids her age at the orphanage for years.



Loid: I'll put my faith in her communication skills.



Anya: That's the evil boss's kid.



Damian: What's with her?



Damian: Heh, I see.



Damian: She's already realized how amazing I am and fallen for me.



Damian: You've got good taste, kid.



Damian: Playing hard to get, I see. Cute.



Instructor: Becky Blackbell.



Anya: Geh...



Becky: Pleasure to meet you!



Loid: That's...



Loid: The daughter of the CEO of the major military contractor, Blackbell.



Loid: What?! And behind her is the daughter of the vice president of parliament!



Loid: And among the boys, there's the son of one of the key members of the secret service!



Loid: Her classmates are a treasure trove of intel!



Loid: Make sure you become friends with all of them, Anya!



Yor: Loid gets so worked up when it comes to his daughter.



Becky: I'm Becky! What's your name?



Becky: She looks like a baby. I guess I wouldn't mind taking care of her a bit.



Anya: Hmph.



Instructor: Those will be the  students in class three.



Becky: Hey!



Loid: Hello?!



Instructor: And you will be under the tutelage of Master Henderson.



Yor: Oh, it's the nice teacher.



Loid: So he didn't get fired after all.



Loid: I feel it's unfair for a housemaster to have to teach new students,



Loid: but I guess it could've been much worse.



Henderson: I'll just have to whip these rugrats into shape like I used to.



Instructor: And now, the new students will accompany their homeroom teachers on a tour of the campus,



Instructor: then head to their respective classrooms.



Instructor: During that time, there will be a meet and greet in Tower C's lounge for the guardians.



Loid: Do your best, Anya.



Loid: You'll be on your own from here on out.



Anya: Okey-dokey!



Henderson: You there! Stay in line!



Loid: I'm so worried...



Yor: It is always nerve-racking to send them off into the world.



Yor: I totally understand.



Henderson: This is the dining hall.



Henderson: The best chefs will present you with the most elegant dishes daily.



Henderson: Beyond those doors is a special dining hall reserved only for Imperial Scholars.



Henderson: Anyone can become an Imperial Scholar if they achieve elegant grades and earn eight Stella.



Henderson: I trust that you will all do your best.



Children: Yes, sir!



Henderson: However, those who fall behind



Henderson: will receive Tonitrus Bolts and face punishment or expulsion, so stay on your toes.



Anya: Why are you looking at me?



Emile: Lord Damian's gonna be an Imperial Scholar in no time!



Damian: Of course I am.



Ewen: We'd expect nothing else!



Damian: I mean, my father is the head of the National Unity Party.



Student A: Wait, really?!



Student B: Wow!



Student C: My Papa says we owe a lot to the Desmond Group!



Henderson: Silence! No private conversations!



Becky: They're so dumb.



Damian: What about you? What does your father do?



Damian: If he's important enough, I'd consider letting you be my friend, too.



Anya: I will stay calm for the mission.



Anya: He's a sp—a feelings doctor.



Damian: Hmph. So he's just a nobody.



Damian: You're probably not that rich, either. Lame.



Anya: I wanna go play at your house.



Ewen: You moron! Know your place, uggo!



Ewen: This is the problem with measly little peasants.



Emile: You're gonna get your gross peasant germs on him! Scram!



Anya: Now is the time for me tounleash my k*ller punch!



Yor: Listen carefully, Miss Anya.



Anya: Gasp!



Yor: Anyone who lets their emotions control their fists



Yor: does not know the meaning of true strength.



Yor: If someone's just being a little mean,



Yor: being able to laugh it off makes you the cooler, bigger girl.



Anya: A big girl!



Yor: And if you can keep a smile on your face, fights will not happen.



Becky: Hey, stop being so pathetic. At least say something back.



Anya: Heh. Like I care.



Anya: Heh.



Damian: H-How dare she smirk at me like she's mocking me?!



Becky: Look at that composure! She's so mature! Amazing!



Becky: I was wrong about her being a baby!



Becky: You're way more grown-up than I thought. I'm impressed.



Anya: I'm a grown-up?



Anya: Heh.



Damian: Don't get c*ck, you stupid uggo!



Damian: Uggo, uggo, Queen Uggo!



Ewen: Lord Damian, perhaps you should broaden your vocabulary...



Becky: What's your problem?



Becky: Sure, she's uglier than me, but you don't have to be so mean.



Damian: Shut your mouth!



Henderson: You there! How many times must I warn you?



Henderson: Do you want punishments on your first day?



Damian: Curse you... How dare you embarrass me like that?!



Damian: You'll pay for this!



Anya: Mama, you liar. Smiling didn't help at all.



Becky: If you don't quit it, I'm gonna tell the teacher!



Damian: What? You have proof that we did it?



Ewen and Emile: Yeah, yeah!



Damian: Go on. Move!



Damian: Hey, you smug uggo!



Damian: I'm gonna bully you every single day!



Damian: I'm gonna teach you a lesson so you'll never be able to smirk again!



Emile: Her feelings doctor father might be able to fix her if she cries.



Damian: Seriously? Well, that's impressive!



Damian: Aren't you a special widdle girl?



Damian: Hey, where do you think you're looking? You scared?



Henderson: What is the meaning of this?!



Emile: Sir! She just punched Lord Damian!



Anya: I just reached out my hand ,and somehow, he ran into it.



Ewen: You liar! You're not fooling anyone!



Emile: You were even making sure the teacher wasn't looking earlier!



Anya: You got any proof I did it?



Ewen: You left the imprint of your fist on his face!



Henderson: I trust you are aware that perjury is a disgraceful act,



Henderson: Anya Forger.



Becky: That's not what happened, sir!



Becky: She was holding back all day, but these bullies just...



Henderson: So it's true that she hit him?



flashback Yor: Listen carefully, Miss Anya.



Anya: Gasp!



Yor: The only time it's all right for you to use force is, for example,



Yor: if you're saving a friend in trouble.



Anya: H-Her foot...



Anya: He stepped on it.



Anya: So I got mad...



Anya: I'm sorry.



Becky: She did that for me?!



Becky: Oh, Anya!



Henderson: She held back her own personal anger,



Becky: Thank you! Thank you, Anya!



Henderson: and had the courage to stand up to a lad for her friend.



Becky: I'm so moved!



Henderson: Truly elegant, Anya Forger.



Henderson: But I'm afraid...



Loid: So the Desmonds didn't appear after all.



Loid: Well, there's no need to rush.



Loid: Now that she's enrolled, we have all the time in the world.



Staff: Ladies and gentlemen.



Staff: The students' orientation is now complete, so please head toward the courtyard.



Loid: And I was able to make some connections.



Staff: If you would gather round, we will take a group photo.



Loid: Where's Anya?



Henderson: Forger.



Henderson: Come with me.



Loid: She punched a boy?



Yor: Are you hurt at all?



Loid: And it just happened to be Desmond's son?



Henderson: Usually, acts of violence would immediately mean three Tonitrus Bolts...



Loid: What in the world?



Henderson: But at my discretion, it became one.



Henderson: That is as much as I can do.



Yor: I'm terribly sorry, Loid! All because I trained her...



Henderson: I will speak with his parents, too.



Plan A



Plan B



Loid: It's the first day of school and she lost a point.



Loid: To top it off, her relationship with Damian couldn't be any worse.



Photographer: All right, everyone! We're taking the picture!



Photographer: The family on the right over there! Smile a little more!



Photographer: Say, "Cheese!"



Sign: Stella needed to become an Imperial Scholar:  Tonitrus Bolts until expulsion:  Relationship with Damian:  -



Sign: THE TARGET'S SECOND SON