Narrator: Everyone has a side they don't show anyone else.



Narrator: To their friends, their significant others, or even their families.



Narrator: They hide what they're truly feeling through fake smiles or bravado,



Narrator: and keep their true identities secret.



Narrator: That is how the world keeps up the appearance of its temporary peace.



Narrator: In an era in which the nations of the world were waging a fierce w*r



Narrator: of information just out of sight,



Narrator: two countries were at odds with each other.



Narrator: Ostania, in the east, was secretly plotting to start a w*r.



Narrator: Westalis, in the west, wanted to put a stop to those plans.



Narrator: In order to keep an eye on the actions of a leading figure in Ostania's government,



Narrator: Westalis set Operation Strix in motion.



Narrator: The one tasked with this operation is the skilled agent, Twilight.



Narrator: The mission given to the master of disguise with a hundred faces was...



Narrator: to start a family.



Park Avenue, West DistrictCapital City of Berlint, Ostania



Loid: Is this everything you own?



Yor: Yes.



Loid: It's not very much.



Yor: Um, Loid... about the sleeping arrangements...



Loid: We'll be sleeping in separate rooms, of course.



Loid: We'll share one for appearances anytime we have guests over.



Yor: R-Right.



Anya: Welcome to Anya's house!



Yor: Thank you for the lovely welcome, Miss Anya.



Narrator: This house is home to a rather unusual family.



Narrator: The father, Loid Forger, is a psychiatrist.



Narrator: His true identity:  a spy.



Code Name<Twilight>



Narrator: Code name:  Twilight.



Narrator: The mother, Yor Forger, is a civil servant who works at city hall.



Narrator: Her true identity:  an assassin.



Code Name<Thorn Princess>



Narrator: Code name:  Thorn Princess.



Narrator: The daughter, Anya Forger.



Narrator: Her true identity:  a telepath.



Anya: I'm so happy to have a mama now!



Yor: Mama...



Anya: I'm gonna help.



Loid: Oh, right. By the way...



Loid: I had a friend of mine who's a judge make it so we got married a year ago.



Loid: By that, I mean he forged the certificate.



Loid: We can figure out why we lived separately and what to tell your brother later.



Yor: All right.



Loid: It would make the school suspicious if we got married just before the interview.



Yor: I got permission from the Shopkeeper, so I feel much better.



Anya: So exciting...



Narrator: Father, mother, daughter...



Narrator: These three created this pretend family to further their own ends,



Narrator: and are living under the same roof as they hide their true identities from each other.



PREPARE FOR THE INTERVIEW



Anya: I'm going to show Mama around!



Loid: Once we get settled in, we'll practice the interview.



Anya: This is the kitchen!



Anya: Papa is good at cooking!



Yor: Oh, I see.



Anya: This is the toilet. And that's the bathtub!



Yor: Everything's so clean.



Anya: I can wash my face all by myself!



Yor: You're such a big girl, Miss Anya.



Anya: This is Anya's room!



Anya: Welcome!



Yor: Thank you for inviting me in.



Yor: My, what an adorable room.



Anya: I'll introduce you to Mr. Chimera.



Anya: I am Chimera. It is a pweasure to meet your acquiantenance.



Yor: It's very nice to meet you, Mr. Chimera.



Yor: I am Miss Anya's mama.



Anya: This is Papa's room!



Yor: So this is Loid's room...



Anya: This is your room, Mama.



Anya: Come in, Mama.



Yor: Why, thank you.



Yor: So this is my...



Yor: What a lovely room.



Loid: I'm glad you like it.



Loid: This should be everything.



Loid: Is the furniture arranged to your liking? I also cleaned a bit.



Yor: Yes, everything is wonderful.



Anya: I helped clean, too!



Yor: Really? Thank you so much.



Anya: Am I a good girl?



Loid: All you did was tip over a bucket of water.



Anya: Shock!



Yor: This is such a lovely room. I don't know what to do with myself.



Loid: What do you mean?



Loid: Please make yourself at home.



Loid: Actually, this is your home now, so make yourself comfortable.



Yor: Thank you.



Loid: I'll come get your boxes once they're empty.



Yor: Loid, I've got everything put away.



Loid: You're quite efficient.



Loid: Ah, this must be your younger brother.



Yor: Oh, yes.



Loid: You said he's also a civil servant?



Yor: Yes. He seems quite busy lately, so I've only spoken to him on the phone.



Loid: It seems you two are quite similar.



Loid: I should properly introduce myself once Anya's entrance exam is over.



Yor: Um, Loid. About that...



Yor: I don't have anything suitable to wear to this interview...



Loid: Then let's go to the tailor today.



Yor: Thank you very much.



Anya: Helping, helping...



Yor: M-Miss Anya, I'll take care of that!



Yor: I have my work weapons and poison powerful enough to k*ll an elephant in there.



Yor: Can I get you something, Loid?



Loid: Some coffee, please. Black.



Anya: I want hot cocoa!



Loid: With sugar and milk.



Anya: That's the stuff!



Yor: They look amazing. Are those cookies homemade?



Loid: It's actually my first time making cookies.



Loid: I just followed a recipe from a cookbook, so they should be decent.



Loid: I hope you like them.



Yor: Thank you.



Yor: They're wonderful! You really are an amazing cook!



Loid: It's not that impressive, really.



Anya: I helped with the cookies, too!



Yor: Oh, I see.



Loid: After you got covered in flour and got in my way,



Loid: you just snacked on some peanuts.



Loid: Once we're settled in, let's begin.



Loid: Eden College is one of the most prestigious schools in the country.



Loid: During the interview, not only will the child be evaluated,



Loid: but so will the parents.



Loid: They will be evaluated on their social standing as well as how cultured they are.



Loid: Understood?



Loid: Now, let's start the questions.



Loid: First, please state your name and address.



Anya: Anya Fo...Fo...Horger. Address?



Loid: The place we're at right now.



Anya: This is Anya's house!



Loid: That's not what I meant.



Loid: Er, so, Miss Anya... How do you spend your days off?



Anya: Papa orders me to stay home,



Anya: so I have to watch TV all alone.



Loid: Now, wait a second.



Loid: That makes a terrible impression. Madam?



Yor: Yes?



Loid: Why did you choose Eden College, and how do you plan to pass this exam?



Yor: How do people usually pass?



Yor: Um, pass, passing...



Yor: Perhaps because of cardiac arrest, or excessive bleeding?



Yor: Or compound fractures throughout the body?



Yor: Oh! Maybe their skull was caved in.



Loid: k*ll me now. Next question.



Loid: Could you describe your parenting methods?



Yor: Huh? U-Um... Strike first to be victorious?



Loid: I'm amazed her brother turned out to be a decent human being.



Loid: I've been a spy for over a decade.



Loid: I've completed countless missions,yet only now do I find myself losing heart.



Loid: This is pointless. There's no way we'll survive the interview at this rate.



Loid: Let's give up on getting her into that school.



Yor: Loid! Please remember your late wife's wishes!



Loid: Clearly, we weren't ready for this mock interview yet.



Loid: All right, let's go out for a bit.



Loid: Let's broaden our horizons, become versed in what is normal for an upper-class family,



Loid: and make sure that we're all on the same page.



Anya: We're on an ooting, an ooting, la, la, la, lah!



Loid: You mean "outing."



Anya: Wanna hold hands, Mama?



Yor: I-If you don't mind.



Loid: Thank goodness Anya's taken a liking to her.



Loid: The plan is set.



Loid: After today, we'll seem like a normal... no.



Loid: We'll be seen as an upper-crust family.



Yor: Oh... This reminds me of when my little brother was still small and adorable.



Yor: And that one time I hugged him too hard and ended up breaking two of his ribs.



Yor: I must be careful.



Loid: Wait... what? Maybe not...



Yor: B-By the way, where are we headed?



Loid: I've acquired a variety of tickets through my connections at work.



Loid: Tradition and status are everything at Eden College.



Loid: We'll have to experience and get accustomed to the best that life has to offer,



Loid: and make sure we don't slip up if we let our guard down.



Loid: All right, next.



Loid: Anya, no yelling while we're here.



Anya: 'Kay.



Loid: We've experienced first-class music,



Loid: so now for some first-class art... And you know the rest.



Anya: Papa! I can see her boobies!



Anya: Head's been choppy-chopped! Body's been choppy-chopped!



Loid: What did I just say about yelling?



Loid: Yor?



Loid: Y-Yor...?



Anya: I wanna do that!



Loid: Drawing? Sure.



Loid: Yor, why don't we sit down for a bit?



Yor: All right.



Anya: Anya's house is a big castle.



Anya: The boss of the secret organization is Director Chimera.



Anya: Papa is a spy! Pew, pew!



Anya: Mama is an assassin! Stabby, stabby, sploosh!



Loid: We should probably get going.



Yor: Yes.



Anya: All done!



Loid: Anya, we're going to our next stop.



Anya: If Papa and Mama see this,they'll find out about my powers!



Loid: Wow, that's quite a masterpiece.



Loid: There seems to be a pig in a forest.



Anya: That's Mr. Chimera, and he lives in a castle!



Loid: I see. I definitely see Bondman there, though.



Loid: I'm right, aren't I?



Anya: Yep...



Loid: It's that spy cartoon you were watching last week.



Loid: So this witch-looking one must be the princess.



Loid: That part seems rather graphic.



Loid: Oh, but that cat is cute.



Anya: That's a doggy!



Loid: I see. Then I apologize.



Loid: We're going to the tailor next.



Yor: Sorry to have you do this on your day off.



Loid: It's quite all right. This is something we need to do.



Anya: My going-out clothes are so cute!



Anya: They fit perfectly!



Anya: This shop is great! I love it!



Proprietress: Why, thank you.



Anya: This is my first ooting in my going-out clothes.



Proprietress: Then it must be a day of celebration.



Anya: A day to celebrate this ooting!



Loid: In that case, we can stop by a photography studio next.



Female Employee: Yor, dear. Right this way.



Yor: Coming.



Proprietress: If you're looking for a semi-formal dress, I think this color would do nicely.



Proprietress: What do you think?



Yor: I'd honestly prefer a black or red dress.



Proprietress: Really? I think this would look nice on you, Yor.



Proprietress: Then how about this?



Loid: Judging from her lack of luggage, I thought she had no interest in clothes.



Loid: I see you're particular about matching colors.



Yor: No... I wouldn't say that.



Yor: This color's lovely, but I'm worried that blood splatters would be too noticeable.



Female employee: Looks like Yor finally found someone nice.



Proprietress: Hopefully they last. Having a child already is an instant no for me, though.



Loid: Looks like the extra outfits will be ready by the interview, too.



Yor: I'm so sorry to have you get so many.



Loid: Well, you look nice in colors besides red and black.



Loid: We'll be going out more often, too.



Anya: Ootings! Ootings!



Loid: You're a regular at that shop, aren't you?



Loid: I'm sure we'll continue to shop there, so next time, we should tell them we're married.



Yor: Oh, right.



Politician: We, the Nationalist Party, believe that there is a road to peace with the West.



Loid: Patriotism is also important within Eden.



Audience A: You moron!



Audience B: k*ll all the b*stards in the West!



Politician: Continuing to treat Westalis as the enemy will do us no good.



Loid: I'll need to make sure she's knowledgeable of politics and history, as well.



Audience C: Piss off, traitor!



Audience F: Gimme money, gimme money, gimme money...



Audience D: Those b*stards k*lled my family!



Audience E: Get lost with the pleasantries!



Audience G: First I lost my job, then my home!



Loid: What's the matter?



Anya: I don't like places like this...



Audience H: k*ll all the shitheads in the West!



Loid: Sorry. Maybe this was a little scary for you.



Yor: Let's go rest somewhere.



Audience I: The East did nothing wrong!



Audience mob: Go back to your Western masters!



Audience mob: Damn it!



Audience mob: You pig!



Audience mob: You stupid baldy!



Audience mob: Your feet smell, too!



Anya: Papa, I'm hungry.



Loid: Huh?



Loid: Are you all right or not?



Loid: No, Anya. Don't just pick the nuts off the  and no eating with your hands.



Loid: And Yor, uh... Hmm...



Loid: I've been a spy for over a decade.



Loid: I've completed countless missions,yet once again I find myself losing heart.



Anya: S'all good, Papa.



Loid: What is?



Loid: Yeah, I definitely picked the wrong child.



Loid: No, this is all because I was expected to rely on others.



Loid: I shouldn't have put the key to success in the hands of others, let alone civilians.



Loid: Predicting every possible situation, preparing for it,



Loid: and acting from a carefully laid-out plan.



Loid: Those are the ironclad rules of being a spy.



Loid: Which means that I need to list every possible question the interviewer can ask,



Loid: then have these two memorize the perfect answers to go with them.



Loid: If all else fails, make sure I can back them up—



Yor: Um...



Yor: Why don't we go get some fresh air?



Anya: The people look like bits of trash from up here.



Loid: Where did you get that from?



Anya: My cartoons.



Loid: Ah...



Loid: I had no idea there was a park like this on the outskirts of town.



Yor: I don't come here that often either,



Yor: but I wander over here when I'm exhausted from work.



Yor: Thinking about how the work I do helps everyone in this city out



Yor: encourages me to work harder.



Yor: Oh, this place must be awfully boring! I'm terribly sorry!



Anya: I like this place better than crowded places!



Yor: Oh, that's wonderful!



Old woman: Thief! Someone help!



Loid: That old lady should've been more careful.



Yor: You won't get away with this!



Yor: Hold it right there!



Loid: Oh, damn it.



Yor: I lost track of him.



Yor: Are you all right, ma'am? Are you hurt?



Old woman: I'm fine. Just a few scratches.



Yor: I promise I'll catch him for you! And I'll take you to the hospital later!



Old woman: Why, thank you.



Yor: I left Loid and Anya behind.



Loid: He blended in with the crowd.



Loid: I'm very sorry, Yor, but you probably won't be able to find him now.



Mob A: Man, I'm starving.



Mob B: So expensive...



Mob C: Aw, this is so cute.



Mob D: Crap, I'm gonna piss my pants.



Mob E: My feet hurt.



Mob G: That shopworker is so cool.



Mob F: I wonder if there's a million dalc lying around somewhere.



Mob M: Oh, I forgot to pay my rent.



Mob H: Man, he's late.



Mob I: Honestly, this child...



Mob J: What am I going to do? I failed my test again.



Mob K: That b*stard. I'm gonna m*rder him.



Mob L: Maybe I'll say hi...



Loid: Hey, this again?



Thief: Man, that old crone was loaded.



Anya: Papa!



Loid: Whoa, what?



Anya: I wanna eat cake!



Loid: What?!



Loid: We just left the restaurant...



Loid: He's...



Loid: He changed his clothes, but it's not so easy to change the way you walk.



Loid: Don't think you'll get away from me.



Yor: Loid!



Anya: Mama's here.



Loid: Yor, look after Anya for me.



Thief: I'll be able to have plenty of fun for a while with this much.



Thief: First, I'm gonna treat myself to the finest meal and—



Loid: A filthy swine like you deserves nothing more than the foulest meal.



Mob N: What's going on?



Mob O: A guy just dropped from the sky.



Loid: A spy must not bring attention to himself.



Mob P: Did he fall?



Loid: Pardon me. This fellow is a purse snatcher, so please call the police and hand him over.



Mob P: A purse snatcher?



Old woman: Thank you for escorting me all the way here.



Old woman: I had money to get my grandchild a gift in my purse.



Old woman: Thank you so much. You were a big help.



Yor: Oh, actually...



Yor: The one who got it back was my, um, husband.



Loid: No, if you weren't there, Yor, I wouldn't have even gone after him.



Old woman: Thank you so much. What a fine gentleman you are.



Loid: Er, again...



flashback Chief: Hero who casts no shadow,



flashback Chief: the great deeds you and your fellow agents do shall never see the light of day.



Old woman: Thank you.



Loid: I guess... receiving thanks every once in a while wouldn't hurt.



Anya: Papa is a softie.



Loid: Thank you, Yor.



Loid: Today was a nice change of pace.



Loid: Now I'll be able to work hard again.



Anya: Papa and Mama are flirting.



Loid and Yor: We are not!



Anya: Does Anya get a thank you, too?



Loid: Well... I guess we did find the thief because you were hungry again.



Loid: Good girl.



Old woman: My, what a lovely family you are.



Old woman: Here's some candy for you, dear.



Anya: Candy!



Loid: Make sure you say, "Thank you."



Anya: The ooting is over!



Loid: What a long day.



Anya: Mama!



Anya: I want some hot cocoa, please!



Yor: As you wish.



Loid: Hey, more importantly, we need to retry this mock interview.



Loid: So, Miss Anya, how do you spend your days off?



Anya: We go to the opera, the museum, and eat at restaurants.



Loid: Yes! Exactly!



Loid: If you're asked this question, make sure you talk about today.



Loid: Okay, next question.



Loid: You've seen your friend do something naughty.



Loid: What will you do?



Anya: I'd jump on top of them, beat them up, and make them eat the foulest meal!



Loid: Hmm... Pretend you never saw that, okay?



Loid: Yup, this is hopeless. I'm done.



Anya: Papa, you were so cool!



Yor: Yes, he was.



Anya: Ka-bam!



Anya: It's the foulest meal for you!



Anya: Hot cocoa is the best.



flashback Old woman: My, what a lovely family you are.



Loid: I guess if she saw us that way...



Loid: About one percent of my preparations are complete.



THE PRESTIGIOUS SCHOOL'S INTERVIEW