Narrator: The capitol of Ostania, Berlint.



Narrator: This old woman is a contact for Westalis's intelligence agency, WISE.



Narrator: This man's name is Loid Forger,



Narrator: otherwise known by his code name, Twilight.



Narrator: His occupation:  spy.



Narrator: It appears as though, on top of the current important mission he is conducting,



Narrator: he's been given another.



Old woman: This has been my life for decades now.



Old woman: Every day remains the same, and peace is fleeting.



Old woman: Will we ever see a day



Old woman: when we're not needed anymore?



Loid: Mission complete.



Contact: Good day, or perhaps, good evening, Twilight.



Contact: We thank you for completing that mission so quickly.



Contact: How goes Operation Strix?



Narrator: That is his top-priority mission to maintain peace between the East and the West.



Narrator: That mission...



Loid: It's going smoothly.



Loid: I have secured both a wife and child.



Narrator: ...is meant to bring the enemy country's plans for w*r to light,



Narrator: establish a family in said country, and infiltrate a certain academy.



Contact: Very good. Not standing out is an iron-clad rule for a spy.



Contact: Continue acting as a completely mundane family.



Loid: I know.



Contact: Did you quit smoking?



Loid: Well, I have a child now.



Narrator: And thus, the Forgers came to be without issue, but...



Yor: Loid did mention that he was going to be late,



Yor: so why don't we eat out tonight?



Anya: Yep.



Yor: Doctors sure are busy. It must be difficult.



Anya: Papa is not actually a doctor.



Narrator: His daughter, Anya, whom he just happened to adopt from an orphanage...



Anya: Papa's real job is a spy.



Anya: Today, he went to take down an arms dealer.



Narrator: ...is an Esper who can read minds.



Anya: I bring you my dish!



Yor: Thank you very much, Miss Anya.



Yor: Hmm... It's just not washing off...



Narrator: His wife, Yor, who agreed to this arrangement because of a common interest...



Yor: I can still smell the blood from yesterday's k*ll.



Narrator: ...is a hardcore assassin.



Narrator: A spy, a telepath, and an assassin.



Narrator: The three decided to live under one roof



Narrator: for their own reasons while concealing their true identities,



Narrator: and so their less-than-mundanefamily life continues on.



sign___OPERATION_STRIX: ,PENGUIN PARK



Loid: I keep getting all these extra missions every day, on top of Operation Strix.



Loid: HQ must be in dire straits over the personnel shortage.



Loid: When I get home, I have my pretend family to deal with.



Loid: I am an agent. Therefore, my soul has no time to rest.



Wife A: Hey, don't you think the husband across the hall must be in trouble?



Wife A: It's supposed to be a day off, but he's working late into the night again.



Loid: They're our neighbors...



Wife B: And they have a little child. That poor, neglected thing.



Wife C: I rarely see the three of them together.



Wife B: He's probably off cheating somewhere!



Wife B: How awful!



Wife A: Maybe he actually got fired, and he can't bring himself to go home.



Loid: I was careless.



Loid: I was so consumed by my other missions



Loid: that I neglected playing the role of the father well.



Loid: Even the slightest suspicion or mistrust from those around us in a deception operation



Loid: can be detrimental.



Loid: I must do everything I can to remedy this situation.



Loid: A threat to our family is a threat to the world!



Loid: We're going out next weekend!



Loid: The three of us will have a good time. Where do we want to go?



Loid: Oh? Is that a penguin, Anya?



Loid: I know. Let's go to the aquarium.



Yor: Um... You seem exhausted. Why not get some rest?



Loid: Yor, in order for our pretend marriage to continue,



Loid: we must do everything we can to seem like a normal, happy family.



Loid: So look forward to the weekend!



Anya: So exciting!



Loid: I need to take care of all of my other missions before then.



Loid: Well... let's go.



Yor: Loid, perhaps you really should get some rest.



Loid: I'm perfectly fine.



Wife C: Oh, if it isn't the Forgers.



Wife C: It's so rare to see all of you together.



Loid: We're about to go enjoy some time together at the aquarium.



Loid: Isn't that exciting, Anya?



Wife D: I see...



Loid: We need to show our neighbors what a happy family we are



Loid: so they don't ever suspect that we're a pretend family.



Anya: My papa, who is taking us on an ooting,



Anya: and my mama, who is very kind to my papa, are both very good people.



Anya: I think our family is completely normal.



Loid: That sounded more like an explanation than anything else, but good enough.



Loid: Now, then...



Loid: If you'll excuse us.



Anya: Please wait, Papa, who is a very good and normal person!



Anya: Ba-donk ka-chonk!



Loid: Another summons? I have a bad feeling about this.



Loid: I'm going to go buy us some drinks.



Yor: All right.



Old woman: Agent Twilight, we've got another additional mission for you tod—



Loid: I cannot.



Old Woman: This is straight from WISE HQ—



Loid: I cannot. Today is a very important day for Operation Strix.



Anya: Papa!



Anya: We need to hurry, or the aquarium will go out of business!



Loid: Don't worry, they just remodeled the place.



Loid: Just wait patiently.



Loid: There you have it.



Loid: Anyway, I'll take one coffee, one juice—



Old woman: Hang on! Did you say "aquarium"?



Old woman: Splendid, Agent Twilight.



Old woman: The location of this mission just happens to be Berlint Aquarium!



Old woman: I am blown away at how prepared you are!



Loid: No, really. This was a coincidence.



Loid: Could I get that coffee and juice now?



Old woman: There will be some intel traded at the aquarium—



Loid: My coffee and juice, please.



Old woman: Listen to me carefully, Twilight.



Old woman: This intel contains instructions from another country for making a new chemical weapon.



Old woman: If t*rrorists get their hands on this information,



Old woman: many will perish in our country!



Anya: So many... fishies!



Anya: An octopus!



Anya: Starfish.



Anya: A tiny shark!



Yor: She looks like she's having fun.



Yor: Loid...



Yor: You look so pale. Are you all right?



Loid: I ended up taking the mission.



Loid: But we did successfully show the neighbors how well we get along.



Loid: As long as I can get through this separate mission...



Wife A: Oh, if it isn't the Forgers from across the hall.



Wife A: What a coincidence.



Yor: Oh, hello.



Loid: You can't... be serious!



Wife A: We just got here, too.



Loid: Now I definitely can't relax.



Loid: Actually, we just need to shoo them off, and—



Yor: Would you like to join us?



Loid: Yor!



Wife A: What a great idea.



Anya: Papa is funny.



Yor: If we want to appear normal,



Yor: we need to keep up a good relationship with our neighbors.



Loid: Very well, then.



Loid: I'll take care of this mission immediately, and then return to weekend mode.



flashback Old woman: According to our intel,



Old woman: they smuggled in a capsule containing film by making a penguin swallow it.



Loid: Why a penguin?



Old woman: It was brought in sometime yesterday at an unknown time.



Old woman: The recipient has not appeared yet.



Old woman: You must retrieve the goods before the enemy organization does, no matter what!



Loid: Why don't we check out the penguin exhibit?It seems to be the main attraction.



Wife A and B: Okay.



Anya: I like penguins! I wanna see!



Announcer: Welcome to the world's biggest penguin park!



Anya: P-P-P-Penguins!



Announcer: Our most recommended attraction at this aquarium



Announcer: is our adorable underwater show that stars  penguins!



Loid: Exactly which penguin is my target?



Loid: There's no time to check each and every penguin.



Loid: I'd have a better chance of stopping the t*rror1st from obtaining the film...



Loid: No... Since I don't know when the recipient is going to show up,



Loid: that'll be difficult, as well.



Loid: I won't be able to keep an eye on all of these penguins alone.



Loid: What am I going to do?



Loid: There has to be something...



Loid: They must've marked the penguin somehow to tell it apart from the others.



Anya: Papa is troubled.



Yor: Loid is so enthusiastic. I guess he lets his inner child out sometimes, too.



Man's voice A: Hey, that fish looks tasty.



Woman's voice: Wait, where did my kid go?!



Man's voice B: I hope my girlfriend stops being so angry.



Penguin's voice A: Fish...



Anya: It's hard to read the minds of penguins.



Penguin's voice B: Let's play.



Penguin's voice C: I'mma eat some fish.



Penguin's voice D: I'm hungry.



Penguin's voice E: Come over here.



Anya: Papa, that penguin looks like it can't breathe.



Loid: It's drinking a lot of water only to spit it all back out.



Loid: It's possible there's something stuck in its throat.



Loid: This is definitely worth investigating.



Loid: Sorry. I'm going to go buy some drinks real quick.



Yor: Loid... His exhaustion must be making him so thirsty.



Chief: Hey! Where's the new guy we're supposed to get today?



Chief: He's this late on his first day?



Loid: Sorry I'm late!



Chief: What's wrong with you young'uns today?



Chief: I'll show you how to feed the penguins. Follow me.



Loid: Yes, sir!



Loid: The fastest way to get closer to the target penguin without causing a commotion



Loid: is to disguise myself as one of the aquarists.



Sign: Agent Twilight's Specialty:  Disguises



Chief: The first thing a newbie has to learn is all of the penguins' faces and names.



Chief: Did you memorize the roster?



Loid: Yes. I glanced through it quickly in the staff room.



Chief: You glanced through? You moron!



Chief: Even with me, it took two years to learn all ...



Loid: Oh, Chief. You're about to step on poor Petilda behind you.



Chief: This is indeed Petilda.



Loid: This one is Pemas, and this is Pescar.



Chief: How can you tell, newbie?



Loid: Huh? Well, all of their patterns are completely different.



Loid: Their faces and heights, too.



Chief: Even I still mistake them every once in a while.



Chief: I can't believe this guy's observation skills and memory.



Chief: All right, then. Let's get to feeding them.



Chief: This way.



Loid: The penguin I spotted earlier is...



Loid: Right there. Parles, the emperor penguin.



Loid: I need to get to him immediately and...



Loid: Wh-Wha?!



Loid: I-I can't go any further.



Chief: We've got big eaters and fussy eaters.



Chief: Each penguin has unique eating habits, so pay attention.



Loid: I don't have time for this.



Loid: I need to hurry back, or the neighbors will be suspicious.



Loid: Chief!



Loid: Allow me to do the honors!



Chief and Aquarist: What?



Loid: I figured this out watching veteran aquarists...



Loid: The most important thing is how each penguin eats.



Loid: How much they eat, what kind of food it is,



Loid: and where each group is located.



Loid: As long as I can figure these things out...



Loid: Controlling the masses is mere child's play.



Chief: That's no ordinary newbie!



Loid: Uh-oh. Apparently Parles isn't very hungry.



Loid: He might be sick, so I'll take him to the treatment room.



Loid: If you'll excuse me for a bit.



Chief: S-Sure...



Loid: Sorry, little guy.



Loid: Bingo! There's something stuck in his throat.



Loid: Upon closer observation, it seems there's a mark on the bottom of his foot, too.



Loid: Just a second, little guy. I'll get it out for you.



Man from Org: You there.



Man from Org: What are you planning to do with that penguin?



Loid: He's not feeling well, so I'm taking him to the treatment room.



Man from Org: I see. Allow me to do that for you.



Loid: I'm terribly sorry. Only staff are allowed to handle them.



Man from Org: My apologies.



Man from Org: I'm a professor from Berlint University's marine biology research lab.



Man from Org: I'm in charge of the marine animals here.



Loid: This ID is fake.



Loid: It's not even well-made.



Man from Org: Who do you work for, you—



Loid: You're not getting away!



Loid: Hey, be still!



Chief: Hey, newbie!



Chief: Where are you taking that penguin?



Chief: The treatment room is that way!



Loid: I can't carelessly let him go without knowing how many enemies are here.



Loid: My top priority is retrieving this film.



Loid: I'll have to give up on chasing after him.



Yor: Oh, no... Now where did Miss Anya run off to?



Man from Org: I need to let my comrades outside know to k*ll that man,



Man from Org: and retrieve the film—



Man from Org: Who the hell are you?!



Anya: Mama! I'm being kidnapped!



Yor: Miss Anya?!



Man from Org: Let go of me!



Man from Org: What are you talking ab—



Yor: What do you think...



Yor: you're doing to my daughter?!



Anya: Wow.



Yor: Are you all right?



Yor: Oh, no. I definitely overdid it.



Yor: I hope he's not dead...



Loid: Wow.



Narrator: And so, Twilight was able to retrieve the film



Narrator: and get information about the enemy organization from the man they captured.



Wife A: You know, your husband hasn't come back at all.



Wife A: I'm telling you, he's cheating!



Wife: How awful!



Yor: Huh? That's not...



Loid: I'm sorry I took so long!



Yor: Loid!



Loid: Ta-da!



Anya: A penguin!



Yor: Oh, what a big stuffed penguin! Where did you get it?



Loid: It was a prize from the penguin name-guessing challenge they were doing over there.



Loid: I just had to get it for Anya, so I kept trying over and over.



Loid: Boy, it sure was difficult.



Anya: Papa is a liar. He actually got it in one try.



Yor: He got so worked up. How adorable.



Wife A: You're a better father than I thought.



Wife A: I'm impressed.



Loid: You flatter me.



Loid: I'm just a simple father trying not to stumble around too much



Yor: It's bigger than you, Miss Anya.



Loid: as I protect my happy little family.



Wife A: Now that I've gotten a closer look at you, you're quite handsome.



Loid: Looks like things are going to work out here, too.



Loid: But I'm absolutely done with all this excessive overwork.



Loid: I'm going to file a complaint to HQ and request a long vaca—



Loid: No...



Loid: Maintaining a world where children don't cry...



Loid: A world with no w*r...



Loid: That is my duty.



Loid: I have no time to stand by idly.



Anya: Papa! The dolphin show is gonna start!



Loid: Sorry, could you walk a little slower?



Newbie aquarist: What?! You want me to be the chief?!



Newbie aquarist: But why?!



Chief: I have nothing more to teach you.



Chimera (Anya): I am Director Chimera, the boss of the secret organization P.



Chimera: So you're the new recruit, eh?



Penguin (Anya): I am called Penguin, please, and I come from the aquarium.



Penguin: It is a pweasure to meet your acquaintenance.



Chimera: Indeed.



Chimera: Agent Anya, you know what to do.



Anya: Yep!



Chimera: We have a ritual in which we both eat the halves of a split peanut.



Chimera: Once you have completed this task,



Chimera: you will be officially recognized as a member of this organization.



Anya: Om...



Chimera: Starting today, you will be known as Agent Penguinman.



Chimera: Do your best for peace.



Penguin: Yep.



Chimera: Agent Anya, show our new agent around our hideout.



Anya: Okey-dokey!



Anya: This is our hideout's command room.



Anya: We gather intel from this machine every day.



Sign: * She watches cartoons



Anya: This is Agent Papa. He is a super-elite that can do anything.



Loid: Um... what? Is she pretending to be a spy?



Anya: This is Agent Mama.



Anya: She's strong, but fails at everything else.



Yor: Am I that much of a failure?!



Anya: They are Anya's trusted lackeys.



Anya: Okay, onward to the next spot.



Yor: It looks like Miss Anya has taken quite a liking to that plushie.



Loid: Mm...



Anya: This is the bathroom!



Anya: You can heal your wounds from battle here.



Anya: This is Anya's room. I train in here every day.



 She studies



Anya: And...



Anya: The most top-secret spots in our hideout.



Anya: Papa's room and Mama's room!



Anya: Be on your guard.



Anya: If you discover the secret of these rooms, you won't leave alive.



Anya: We might find the ultimate knife, or the ultimate b*mb!



Anya: Now, then...



Loid: Hey! What do you think you're doing?!



Loid: How many times have I told you not to go in there without permission?!



Loid: Er, it's just, there's a lot of dangerous things in there, like scissors and heaters.



Loid: Honestly, there are far more dangerous things in there.



Yor: Yes, you shouldn't go in mine, either.



Yor: My room has poisoned needles and such.



Anya: Papa and Mama, I hate you both!



Anya: Anya's gonna run away from home!



Loid: Not good. At this rate, Operation Strix is going to collapse!



Loid: What should I do?



Loid: A-Agent Anya!



Loid: There's no time for crying! World peace is on the line!



Loid: L-Let's wrap up the tour of the hideout and head out for our next mission!



Yor: Y-Yes! Let's go beat the bad guys!



Anya: Okay! Follow me, you two!



Anya: The bad guys have taken over the candy store on nd Street.



Anya: Let's go save them!



Loid and Yor: Huh?



Anya: Be careful.



Anya: The enemy might have set traps.



Loid: W-Well done, Agent Anya.



Townsperson : What is that?



Townsperson : Aw, what a sweet family.



Loid: A spy must not stand out...



Narrator: Later on, Anya's mood improved after they bought her a snack,



Narrator: and peace was restored to the Forger household.